At a local library you can find hundreds of books , all of different matter , a different style and of different stories .
Not every person enjoys the same type of topic to read about , not every person enjoys the same music style , nor does every person enjoy the same fashion in a magazine or the same articles written in the magazine .
No one is the same , we all have different likes and interest .
Some people @MONTH1 find certain books distrubing and inapporiate , that the book shouldnt be allowed to be on the shelves of libraries .
That is only some people , what one person finds distrubing and gross another person can find interesting .
Not one person is the same so not all books are going to be eye ctaching and interesting to every person .
If one person finds a book to be inapporaite , yet another finds it interesting and suggest that book to their friends , is that one whom disagress upon the reading material as unexceptable to thier community allowed to take the book from the shelf , not allowing anyone else to read it .
Everyone should be given the same oppertunity to read the book that another made find inapporaite .
People should be allowed to read the material and topics they enjoy to read .
But when it comes to a nude magazine , all about sex and being naked , that should be in adult stores only .
A child in the library can wonder over to the adult side and pick up the magazine and see all those women , that mother doesnt want her child to be able to pick up and porn magazine or video when she takes the child to the library .
You must be eighteen or older to view or buy those magazines , so only keep those magazine in adult stores where childern wont be able to view them .
Now some books @MONTH1 have a naked picture in the text but it could be to show how to give a breast examination , to educate women about breast cancer and to help prevent seriousness over that matter , to well educate the people in our society about the matter .
Books of diseases that @MONTH1 have nude photos should be allowed , they educate the communitry and save lives .
Although not one persons voice or opinion should be heard over others , we were all created equal , we all should be heard .
Books are as of the same way , they were all created equal for men , women , boys , and girls to be allowed to read and find adventure , excitment , sorrow and anger .
We all have different hungrys for different reading , music and fashin .
In this world today , in our society , and in our community there are different views upon what the children should be reading or should be allowed to pick off the shelf at their local library .
Books were created by different people , who dont share the same views , who look upon life in a different way , whose voices arent all the same .
The book has a curse word in the text , that doesnt mean the book is an abomination and will poison the community .
That book could be one of the best books the child or adult has every read in their life .
Everyone has different views , likes , interest , wants and needs .
Not one person shares the same hunger of reading material .
We should all be given the oppertunity to read or not read what another person finds inapporaite .
The author as well deserves to be heard and not shunned out because some people view his or her material unexecptable for the shelves of their local library .
Freedom of speech , freedom of happiness should be implyed with the pursuite to find a book that feeds the hunger of one person .
Let every voice be heard , let every word be read , no matter how big , small , or how many imapporaite context is included.Let everyone read as they please and let everyone be marry in what they read