Books Removed From Shelves ?
'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the chelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that I work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no nooks left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 statement was from @PERSON1 .
Do you think it is right for young children to look at immages that are not appropiate or read something that is talking baout sexual content ?
I do not think any of these materials should be removed from the shelves , but they should be put in a privite area where only adults can get to them .
I think they should be put in a certain area , away from children , because children will get ideas from the material that they see and think it is okay to act like that .
There are some books and movies out there that teenagers and young children see that are about cereal killers and children think it is okay to bring guns to school and it is not okay .
Children are reading these books and thinking it is okay to act like their favorite character or acting like their favorite movie star in a movie .
Some of the movies that are out there are about doing stupid stuff , and children and teenagers think it is 'cool ' because the person that they look up to is doing that , so they want to try it out also .
Children get hurt from doing @CAPS1 .
Whenever a child sees people having sex , they think it is okay to do it too , becasue those kids in the movies are the same age as they are .
I think that movie producers shoudl be aware of what they put out there for children to watch .
When you talk about the book @CAPS2 @CAPS3 , you think what a great book .
But would you ever think that it would be taken off of shelves because of one word that was used in it ?
I think that it should stay on the shelves , but if a parent does not want their child to read it , then they do not have to read it .
If parents do not want their child to read something then just tell the teacher or child that they can not read the book .
I think the books should stay on the shelves and any material that has any 'bad ' sontent on it should be put in a private section where only adults can get to it .
Do you want your children looking at bad pictures or seeing or reading about something with sexual content ?
Children are getting bad ideas from books , movies , magazines , and music .
They think it is appropiate to act like @CAPS1 , because their favotire movie star is preforming @CAPS1 way .
These books , movies , and magazines need to be put up out of children's reach , so they can not get anymore bad ideas to do stupid stuff