The world in full of offensive material , and there almost nothing we can do for it .
These books that we leave behind influence the future of our society .
These materials should not be removed from the shelves of libraries because it is part of a large varity knowledge and the library is not the last place someone will look for such material .
On the logical side of this , the more a person knows the more power one has .
That doesn't mean that some items such as centain types of music of movies are inapropate his or her age .
Some partents get really offensive when they see something slightly inapropate but the thing to remember is that , those so called little children will sooner or later see such items ; it is just a part of growing up .
In the last paragraph , it suggested that a person should have large mass of imformation to choose from becasue there is not a perfect little soul and everyone has amounts of cruiosity .
For example somethings like @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS1 are taught in school and could be consided dangerous .
In @ORGANIZATION1 we learn the ways of atoms and make make perdictions of how they will react with other chemicals .
When in the lab , students are required to wear safety material because of the dangerous enviroment .
The same goes for @CAPS1 , one learns about how to live a healthy life and this requires students to learn about the human body such as the reproductive systems .
In these @CAPS3 we learn better how the world works around us and with this we learn things that can be dangerous .
With everything that we do there is postive and negative outcomes .
What I am suggesting is that , we need to find a healthy balance of what is really needed and the materials that are strickly entertainment , and those items should be removed .
If it has some purpose behind it , then it holds a place but if it is some magazine talking about drama it apears very useless .
In this large world there alway was and always will be people or material that are a bad influnce .
Yet this is all a matter of perception and everyone has different torances and values .
With this on going problem , we shall make this judgment with the best of our ablities , based off of our values