I absolutely do not think that any book , movie , magazine , music , etc.
, should be removed from the shelf because they find it offensive .
If we do that , then all the books would be off the shelf .
Sometimes the really good books are when they are offensive , because they are actually telling you what they really believe in .
I remember when I was twelve , the news was saying that a school was taking books off the shelf because it offended one person in the school .
The shocking part was that almost the whole school was reading that book .
Even teachers were reading it .
The school board did not even care though .
I think that was completely handled the wrong way .
They should have talked to the girl and said it was unfair to ask that when everybody reads it .
If it offended her , then she should not read it .
Music is an outlet for many people .
They can express their feelings in a way that is amazing .
Without music , there would not be any fun in the world .
People are alwasy listening to music .
When they are sad , mad , upset , confused , etc .
If people think some kind of music is offensive , then they should not listen to it .
Movies are going to be offensive to at least one thing all the time .
That is what makes a movie : a hero and a vilian .
We want to good guys to win .
The movie makes fun of the bad guys .
Somebody is always going to get hurt .
When I read , watch , or listen to something , I do not think of how offensive it is to me or somebody else .
I think of how the artist feels .
Why they wrote it that certain way .
If I am listening to music , I listen to the beat and the words at first .
Then if I like it , I start singing it .
If I do not like it , then I just change the song .
I hope people do not end up just taking things off the shelf when someone is offended .
We need the different opinions in life .
If we all had the same opinions , we would not be ourselves in anyway .
I do not want to be the same as everybody else .
I love my personality .
I am different and kind of an outcast .
But I am true to myself .
And I respect other people's opinions .
I wish everyone would do the same .
Or at least try to do the same .
Thank you for listening to what I had to say