Books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
should not be removed from certain library shelves because people have enough sense on what they are interested in and what they are not interested in .
There will always be people that find specific thoughts or ideas offensive no matter what the subject is , so censorship does not really make a difference to the individual .
Censorship is not necessary because people know what they are interested in without anyone helping them find what they are looking for .
Censorship is not entirely necessary because people will always find something that they are not exactly looking for or interested in .
People's interests are their own business without the censorship of others in the surrounding community .
I 've read a couple books that have cussing in them , but the book is still as good as it would be without the cussing in it .
People like things no matter what , because there will always be flaws with some objects such as books , music , and movies .
Books , music , and movies all have much interest from the common person , and each individual is capable of making their own decisions based on what they are interested in .
The individual does not need edited objects , or music to listen to the music or other objects without being offended .
There is something offensive to people in every work that has been published , and the buyer is fully aware of that fact before they go and buy something .
Censorship is not necessary because individuals are aware of what they are interested without anything telling them what to look for .
People will almost always get offended about what they are watching or listening to no matter what it is , so why is censorship such a big deal ?
Censorship is not needed in today's society because each specific individual is capable of making their own decision in what's best for themselves .
Books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
should not be taken away from the library shelves because there will always be some offensive objects that some individuals will find offensive no matter what the object is .