Would you want your childern reaing about things that only @CAPS1 know's what ?
When you go to a library you aspect to learn about @CAPS2 , @CAPS3 , @LOCATION1's @CAPS4 , @CAPS5 etc .
Libraries are for learning new things about the world that will later help you in @CAPS9 .
When you first walk into a library you except to see people checking out @CAPS2 books , or books that catch your eye just by the title .
If we find a book is offensive , or will not help better our childerns ' future then stand up and fight for their own mental development .
We must also think of what the childern want to read .
They have the right to read what ever they want , as long as it's entertaining to them and they are learning something new .
Some books teaches them about the world they are growing up in .
There are some books that I would not let my own child read , but I know in my heart that she is learning something that I @MONTH1 not be able to teach her .
Those types of books of are what I call , ' @CAPS7's ' .
Those books that can come off seeming offensive , when in the end they are actually , what I call ' @CAPS8 ' , helping to prepare them for what is it come .
Not every book will be full of rainbows , pretty colors , or pop-ups .
They must know that they are some people they have to be mindfull of , and people who are educating them on @CAPS9 .
They have to learn the difference between what's right , and what's wrong .
Remember the first book you ever read by yourself ?
I do .
It was called 'Of @CAPS10 and @CAPS11 ' .
I read that book when I was @NUM1 .
Till this day my mother says , ' I tried to stop you from reading that book so many times , it had dangerous wording that an @NUM1 year should no be able to read at that young age ' .
What she did not know was that ; that book had taught me alot about the world back then .
That knowledge I had obtain then had helped me later on my @CAPS9 .
Some books are ment to be read while some aren't .
If you feel your child should not read a certain book then read it for yourself , and then tell your child the reason why they can not read the same book you had just read .