A book represents a person's beliefs and feelngs about a topic .
Therefore censoring books is wrong because it goes against freedom of speech .
I do not believe books , or other media should be removed because while it @MONTH1 be offensive , if it is the truth about something then we need to read about it to prevent tragedies from happening again .
A person who finds a topic offensive isn't forced to read about it .
If we do not accept other people beliefs , we are just as prejudice as the books we are trying to censor .
Many books that are threatened by censorship are books about historical facts , such as the holocaust .
I think we have the right to know about important events .
For one reason , if we forget about such things , than they are more likely to be repeated .
Do we really want the murder of millions of people to be repeated ?
Just becaused we are ashamed of something dosen't mean we should sweep it under the carpet where it can lay hidden waiting to stike again like a hungry alligator .
Instead books about prejudice events should be kept out to show an example of how we shouldn't act .
While some books are censored because of shame , some are censored because a certain group of people @MONTH1 find it offensive .
There is a much easier solution that censoring those books .
The offended groups should just ignore the book .
If it is offensive in the first place then no one should be forced to read it .
The book shouldn't be forced in any other way like posters , and television broadcast .
It should be kept in a certain section of a library so parties wishing to avoid it can .
The main reason for a book to be censored in the first place is because someone finds in offensive .
However , isn't keeping someone from saying something just as offensive ?
To @CAPS1 A @CAPS2 is a big target for censorship , but it is about treating everyone fairly .
If that book like that was censored , it would be like saying some people are better than others .
Another big target for censorship in some countries is the @CAPS3 .
Censoring that book would basically tell the @CAPS4 population that they are wrong .
Censoring something is wrong .
Not only could it cause sad events to repeat themselves , offended parties can just simply avoid the book .
While some books offend people , censoring a book can be just as offensive to other parties .
The simplest thing to do is to leave it up to the reader to decid if they should read it , or not .