There are many types of materials in the library to entertain you .
Some of these materials @MONTH1 be books , magazines , movies , and music .
Each person has their own type of information and genres that they like .
For example , most teenage girls love to read young romance stories , and about young peoples ' lives ; @CAPS1 people like informational books .
Everyone is different in their own way .
The material they choose to read is their own choice .
How would you feel if one of your favorite books or magazine were taken off the shelves of all the libraries ?
You would probably wonder why such a thing would happen .
Well , some people would like to argue about how some of the information that is contained in such materials are offensive or innapropriate .
They want these types of things to be taken off the shelves .
But is it their decision to say that some things offend people ?
Everyone has their own opinion and can make their own choice on what they want to read or what they do not want to read .
In my opinion , these types of materials should stay on the shelves .
It is simple , if you do not like a certain genre of magazines or books , do not read them .
If you hear someones music , and it sounds completely awful to you , then just walk away or listen to your own music .
Theres a new movie out about how the world is going to end , and you disbelieve in the fact that the world will not end that way , do not go and see it .
Some parents do not want their children to know about some of the things that are out there in the world , which is completely understandable .
But , everyone has rights to what they want to know and what they do not want to know .
If everyone had a right to take away some books that they think are not appropriate , do you think there would be any books left ?
The thing is , is that in today's society , people want to do what they want and think what they want .
Some people do not agree with most things , but that is something they will have to face , because not everyone can be happy