Should certain materials be removed from the shelves of the library that are found offensive ?
@PERSON1 states that we will have no books left of the shelf to read if everyone removes a book they do not approve of .
What some people think is the most innocent book , could offend another individual .
Different people find different topics offensive .
No two people think the same .
Though certain books or magazines @MONTH1 have offensive subjects or materials in them , if they were to be removed , how would we learn ?
For example , say there was a historical fiction book about racism .
The book might show different perspectives of how people lived when racism flourished .
Readers could learn from the books how racism affects people , and why it is wrong .
Learning about dislikes can make someone more knowledgable on why some people think the way they do .
The readers can learn from mistakes made in the past .
Books or movies depict how life was years or even centuries ago ; morals were different a while ago from what they are now .
If many people were to agree that a certain material is very offensive or not appropriate for adolescents or young children , one option that could be available is only allowing adults to check it out .
The library could also put a warning on it if they think the content of the material is too harsh .
Another idea could be setting up reviews on a website with a list of each book in the library .
Consumers can read the review first and then decide whether to check it out or not .
People have their own opinions and views on materials .
A person should learn to be tolerant of materials ; others might truely enjoy it .
This article might be offensive to those who read it , because they might think things should be more sensored rather than tolerated .
If someone does not like the material , they are not forced to check it out of the library so why cause a fuss over it ?
One person might find a topic very offensive while that same topic sparks interest in another individual .
Each person has different morals so who is to say what should and should not be in a library ?