Writing is a way to express one's thoughts and ideas on a page .
In this country , an author can write freely about whatever he desires and he is not subject to penalty for doing so .
Sometimes reading these works can be enjoyable , other times it can be rather disturbing .
However , just because a work is offensive does not mean that it is not worth reading .
Books , manuscripts , and other forms of literature should not be taken off the shelves even if they are disturbing or offensive .
The @CAPS1 , a book written by @PERSON2 , revealed the horrible practices of the meat packing industry .
It was offensive to many , and in addition it caused an uprising among @CAPS2 because of its content .
However , there is a reason that book is still talked about today .
If there had been laws prohibiting him from writing about the horrific things that were taking place in those factories , it is quite possible and actually very likely that the industry wouldn't have been reformed for a long time .
Fortunately , @PERSON2 exposed the horrific processes that took place in the industry and the government stepped in and solved the problem .
Someone out there hates this book , and hated it from the day it was published .
But that doesn't mean he has the right to remove it from the shelves and prevent all others from reading it .
Too often students are forced to read works of fiction and stories that , although they are beneficial for students , do not inform students about the world in which they find themselves .
It is important for a student to read @ORGANIZATION1 , and the works @PERSON4 and @LOCATION1 .
However , students must learn and begin to understand the world in which they currently find themselves , the eras of the past , and the circumstances that they will find themselves in for decades to come .
They must learn how to become successful in life .
They should read works by @PERSON1 , such as @CAPS3 , which essentially tells the story of success and what seperates the average from the great .
Someone out there hates these works , and he should not have the right to ruin the opportunity that these books and short stories could give someone else .
Reading is the best way to learn .
In a world of social networking and 'screens ' of all types , the importance of reading has been diminished .
Students must develop a love of reading , and if everyone who hates a book takes it off the shelves , then , as Paterson said , 'we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
No book should ever be taken off the shelves .