Dear Newspaper , I beleive that no book should be taken off the selfs for nay reason .
People @MONTH1 not be mature enough for some books , music , magazines , etc.
, and so the libraries that have a problem with some of the materials then maybe they should put a limit to age on checking out certain things .
Libraires keep all types of books and magazines so what would be their reason to take the material off the self ?
I think that there are different types of people in the world and everyones going to wnat to read something different .
If libraries are going to take the material off the self that people don't like then the material that others like would be gone .
For instance , if i were to take the ' @CAPS1 ' series off the selves then all the ' @CAPS1 ' fans would be ferious and upset .
But knowing that lots of people like the series , my library isn't going to do that .
There is alot of books that parents don't want their children to read , but libraries arn't going to take them off the selfs .
Some parents arn't going to want their children and teenagers to read a romantic , rasy book but thats what other adults enjoy reading .
Those books arn't going to go away but if parents have problems with it then maybe they should mention to the library to put an age limit to them .
The parents could also check on what their child or teenager is reading .
But those books will be in libraries forever and you can't make them go away because you don't want you 're chilren to read them .
From experiance , I 've read a couple racy books and they are disturbing for me , being an imatture addiunce .
But i 'm not going to ask for the books to be taken off the self .
Some books are very vulger and nasty in the ways they discribe fights or wars or abuse but some people like readinf lititure like that so the libraries will keep them .
If peoplehave problems with books then stay away from them and don't read them .
Its as simple as that .
In conclusion , I think all books should stay on the shelves because all people have different interest and opinions .
If anyone has a problem with a book for being racy or vulgur then they shouldn't ready that book , and if they dont want their childrena and teenagers to read the book either then they should be a parent and not let them .
They can't blame the library for books they don't want their kids to read because thats not fair to the people who enjoy those books and like to read them .
Sincerly , @PERSON1