Do you want your nine year old @CAPS2 talking and reading about inappropreite subjects such as sexual relationships or language ?
No !
I know I wouldn't for my @CAPS2 .
I think books that are offensive and inappropreite shouldn't be in @LOCATION1 school or elementray schools with little ones or even @NUM1 years olds .
And parents should be in conrol of what thier kids watch and listen too .
Honstley we can't control how people make movies or what singers are saying in songs but we can control who listens to them and watches them .
Its the parents that are the only ones who can control thier children , no one else .
In libraries I feel like its the librarians who are the cause for letting children read offensive books .
And I don't mean any disrespect but wouldn't you agree ?
I mean think about it , librarians are the ones in control of the books that are in the library , and I think that they should make sure that the book young teens are checking out are appropraite enough for them to read .
Ones that don't involve sex or violence that @NUM1 year olds shouldn't be reading .
Here's an idea , maybe libraries should have @DATE1 year olds sign a paper or have a certain card with them that allows them to check out that certain book or @CAPS4 .
And it should have parents permisson on it showing that the parents approve of this .
But I think high schoolers should only be aloud to do this because they are more mature than younger ones .
They know better than to start fights or cuss in school .
All I 'm saying is that I DO agree with this problem , parents are the reason thier kids are immature and rude because they @CAPS1 thier children get away with the attitude and rudeness .
So yes parents and other people do have the right to sensor movies and book , etc .
But what about @CAPS4 theaters you ask ?
DONT @CAPS1 YOUR @CAPS2 @CAPS3 TO THE @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 YOU !
!
!
It's that simple .
Students in high school @CAPS3 to the @CAPS5 after school with friends and get in to see rated @CAPS7 movies @CAPS6 parents .
And I do believe that some of them use fake @CAPS8 so they don't need a parent with them .
Teens will @CAPS3 home that night and want to re-enact what they saw in the @CAPS4 .
Even if it's sex , or fights or even language .
It's really sad that parents allow this to happen and I think the parents should grow up and disapline thier students .
I 've seen to many parents letting thier children get away with thier mouth and attitude .
Most of my friends parents @CAPS1 thier children get away with everything .
One of my friends is really bad at getting what she wants .
She told me that all she has to do is cry and she gets what she wants .
I don't always get what I want and I don't want every new thing out there because I don't deserve it .
I have to earn to get a new phone or a laptop .
I ask my parents and they eaither say we don't have enough money or you don't need it and I just move on with my life .
But I don't @CAPS1 books or movies control my life and change who I am .
Those things aren't that important .
I mean the ones that talk about school or some random story that some stranger wrote and it just happened to show up in the school libraries .
The stories or movies , etc.
, that teens should really pay attention to are the edicational ones .
The ones that teach us about life and society .
About the future and teach us how life is as an adult and ready us for the real world .
Because once those seniors open those high school doors and graduate it's no more staying up late and sleeping in and parting on the weekends .
Its the real world , the adult world .
So please read this carefully and I hope what I have said has helped you realize why people sensor these things .
Why kids are acting the way they are .
Libraries should sensor certain things and not allow students below high school to read them .
Please think about what I have said and thank you for taking your time out of your day to read this