In this millenium we really should'nt be to concerned about censorhip .
People say so way worse in puplic and do worse things in public .
On the other side of this , the parents of a child should be watching their kid and looking to see what they are about to grab off the shelf .
Its the parents fault if their child gets ahold of a book that has adult content on or in it .
So why should we have censorship ?
If a cd contains adult content and the child is underage and grabs it off the shelf listening to it , then its the parents fault for not being responsible enough to watch their child .
Same goes for books and etc .. Now if the child is old enough to understand what they grab then they should be able to listen to it , and ask questions about it .
If its about adult relationships and the child takes it , then the parent should explain it all and tell them what is going on .
The parent should be the one to take responsibility .
Now , if a book , music , movie , magazine , and ect.contain raceism in it then it should be censored , unless its about history .
Kids under the age of teen usally repeat what they hear or read .
Same goes for teenagers too actualy !
Books with the wrong kind of words in it should be kept safe or there should be a age to where you can get it .
The world has enough horrid language in it , why should the library add to it by letting kids get ahold of these books and repeating what they hear .
I remember when I was walking around a library and I saw a little kid not older than @NUM1 grab an adult book and started to open it and look through it .
The parent was no where to be seen nor heard , who leaves their child in a book section like that ?
This young boy put the book down on the hard floor and started to take off his clothes .
This was no ones fault , wasnt the library , wasnt mine .
People should take responsibility , control their kids and if they can't then leave them at home !
There are also certain people who need book for research and need to take home books for their projects .
We should'nt have censorship and take down all the books that should be contained from kids .
Some of us need those kind of books in order for us to do our research and projects !
No we should'nt have censorship in our libraries !
Im not about to be able to miss a project or miss a good movie because some parents don't know how to control their kids and watch what they grab .
We should be able to keep all the books , movies , magazines , and ect.
, there could be a way to censor most books but they would need their own shelf , and they could be a age lemit or a pass people could use .
That would take to long to do so though .
So keep our libraries filled with interesting things without censoring them !