Libraries are our way of knowing what has happened in the past whether it is all fact or maybe fiction .
No matter what type of book it is , it still tells us a story of another place and another time .
Libraries should not be censored .
Taking away one book because of one sentence that seems vulgar and inapropriate for young readers is wrong .
I understand that reading books with adult material such as drug abuse and sexuality can lead to experimentation but is that not life ?
At least once in our exsistance on earth we find ourselves curious about something at we try it , just to see what it is like .
It is all a learning experience .
History would most likely be the touchiest subject in our libraries mainly because we are asshamed of what we acted like thirty plus years ago , discrimination in @LOCATION1 , the @CAPS1 , and now the wars in the middle east .
Some countries do not even teach their own history to students in school because they are embarrassed of what happened or afraid that it might happen again if the students know @CAPS6 , why and what happened .
Reading and knowing about what our ancestors did will help us lead a better future not distroy it .
Today's media has overflowed with adult material not suitable for kids under @NUM1 .
If anything we need to start censoring what we broadcast on television and also what we post on the @CAPS4 and leave our libraries alone .
Most of the books that are in our libraries has been there for like forty years so it is completely pointless to remove it when it has already educated young minds for over forty years .
I truthfully do not know why you would want to remove books or censor them with a sharpie marker .
All that is doing is giving readers less material to read .
In @LOCATION2 , elementary educators are not required to teach their students @CAPS6 to spell , at all .
I walked into a third grade classroom and watched a girl spell @CAPS2 ' @CAPS3 ' thinking that was the correct why to spell @CAPS2 .
The @ORGANIZATION1's excuse for not having teachers teach @CAPS6 to spell is that they should learn that from reading books everyday .
Well guess what @LOCATION2 , with the @CAPS4 , gaming systems and iPods , little kids are not taking to reading like they did ten years ago and we are going to have a lot of future adults not know @CAPS6 to read and this is what it is going to be like .
'
@CAPS5 @CAPS6 do you spell encyclopedia ? '
' @CAPS6 should i know , I wasn't taught @CAPS6 to spell in @LOCATION2 . '
You see what I mean , so if you are going to take away the ability to spell you better not take away our books becuase they are the only things teaching our @ORGANIZATION1's future on @CAPS6 to spell simple words .
Today we have the @CAPS4 , gaming systems , iPods and @CAPS8 to intertain us on a daily basis .
No one is taking to reading as a way to relieve boredom , they are just sitting on the couch watching television .
And now if you reduce reading material for teens and young readers you are not incouraging us to read .
You are taking away all of the interesting parts of a book .
To be truthfull I will read and reread a book many times over if it is a good story with some extra sizzle .
I do not enjoy books that do not have drugs , alcohol , family stress , war stories or even some sexuality mainly because books without that are boring .
When i read books like that they make me feel better about my life and @CAPS6 I interact with others .
I have learned @CAPS6 to deal with all of those things from books .
Most of my knowledge comes from those types of books and I would hate for my children to not be able to read the same materials as I did at their age and learn from those books