Have you ever been offended ?
Did you lash out , or did you keep an open mind and come try understanding ?
People are offended by many things every day in life .
So , we should broaden our minds , and see these 'offenses ' as a normality .
You 're at a party with a bowl full of candy stationed right beside the front door .
You walk in and take a piece .
Wait , you don't want that piece ?
What are you going to do with it ?
Do you take all of the same pieces that you don't like out of the bowl and throw them away , or do you simply drop it back into the bowl and choose a new one ?
If you throw the candy away , what does that mean for the other party guests ?
You have narrowed their choices down because of your own selfish opinion .
That candy could have been the guest favorite .
But , since YOU don't like it , you take away the other guests ' privilege to eat that candy .
They didn't deserve that , now did they ?
If you 're searching through books in a library and you come across a book that doesn't interest you or offends you , then put it back and look for a new one .
If you 're having trouble finding the right book , ask the librarian for suggestions on other topics or books to check out .
Go to a new library , even , but don't mess with something that isn't yours .
Especially , something as small as a book .
The point of the matter is , if you don't like something then disregard it .
The moment the book , and the book alone , starts causing problems is the moment anyone should intervene .
But , come on , do you really think a book could cause a problem ?
If your child is having problems , don't you think you ought to check what's going on with him instead of looking to see if he/she checked out the 'book that we hope none of our children ' took off the shelf .
This is quite possibly one of the last things I would think of causing a problem , if I even thought of this at all .
Opinions can cause a lot of problems .
Sometimes , people just need to keep their opinions to themselves , agreed ?