Censorship is found on television , in libraries , in schools , and even in homes .
Do you think that censorship should be used ?
Censorship can be used to block one's personal thoughts and opinions to promote conformism .
I disagree with the idea of Censorship .
Not everyone thinks people should be able to have their own images and visions ; however , that is what makes our world so individualized .
Censorship in libraries is growing more and more gradually .
The government does not want the society , especially the youth , of @LOCATION1 to read things that are deemed inappropriate .
Should that not be up to one's guardian , or if they are old enough , to oneself ?
When you read books , you see language being block out , they take parts out to make the book seem more classy , also they block out things such as drugs and alcohol .
A lot of people believe that books are what hurt a lot of today's society .
I believe that reading material could be a lot more educational if the editors woud leave some of the things that they censor , in the book .
I believe this because , if parents decide to not let their child read a story that is up to them ; however , their child could learn about certain situations and possibly learn how to handle those difficult things .
This opinion that censorship in books could be absolutely debatable .
Censorship such as in the book , @ORGANIZATION1 is being used .
The government is taking out certain words in this story because they are seen as offensive .
This is understandable also .
I do not believe this amazing novel should be seen in this way .
The language was not meaning to be used offensively , but simply to state how people talked and how things were when @PERSON1 was alive .
If it were not for books like this , how would out society learn about not only @LOCATION1's history , but other culture's history ?
In all fairness , @ORGANIZATION1 is an educational novel about how times were in the day of @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS1 .
Censorship in movies is also growing .
Television will block out things such as language , nudity , alcohol , drugs , and things of that nature .
I would not like to turn on the television and see these things everywhere , but it could educate people on what and what not to do .
I believe if censorship were not used , people's thoughts would be more apt to imagine .
Imagination can scare people .
Some think that imagination can turn someone crazy or into doing something that is not normal ; but what is normal ?
It is to the community , doing what everyone else is doing and not being different , this scares people .
This whole essay brings me back to the thought that censorship is basically conformism .
The word conformism means to all become one ; to conform .
If this is the case no one will ever come up with new books , music , movies , magazines , or ideas ; we will all just be citizens of @LOCATION1 or any other culture trapped inside our very own minds