Books , music , movies , magazines , and more are a good way to learn .
Some of that material is bad though , but some is good .
Not all people are the same , and not all books or magazines are the same .
Books , newspapers , and magazines are good things , and they could be bad things .
Some talk about nonfiction and some fiction .
Others talk about famous people and all the good and mainly bad things they did this week , which is something some of us want to read but none of us should read or even write in the first place .
Then there are books that have a childs story in them .
There are also articles that everyone should read about , like somebody who saved a whole lot of people on @DATE1 .
There is a diverse amount of things to read out there , you just need to use a little discretion about what to read and put out on the shelves at a public library .
Music is another good way to express yourself .
There is good old fashioned @CAPS1 music such as @ORGANIZATION1 .
Then there is stuff that nobody should listen to , or for that matter even sing about like almost all @CAPS2 Music .
They also have little childrens songs which no matter how annoying that most of it is , it's alright for anyone to listen to .
Or you can pick up some good ol ' @CAPS3 @CAPS4 or any other christian artists or gospel music.The music of this world is very diverse .
The movies of today can , but most of the time aren't , be good things .
You could pick up an educational video that talks about animals that most everyone could watch .
There are also bad movies such as @CAPS5 and @CAPS6.It is a horror movie that made it hard to fall asleep for a few days .
Those are some that nobody should even produce.There are video copies of television shows as well , which can be alright .
The vast amount of movies made today should not even be a thought in someones mind but some are good and educational .
So in conclusion , I think it should be reader and viewer discretion when it comes to content of things as this .
Libraries everywhere should have most everything there is.Next time your in a library , just use discretion