In my opinion , books , movies , magazines , ect.
, should not be taken off the shelves if they are offensive to some people .
this is because everyone has different views on everything .
Another reson is because for learning purposes in schools and etc .
As well as authors would not want to be writting books because the books shelves are empty and their books , movies , magazines are getting rejected .
Since most people have different veiws on everything then , every book or magazine would be taken off the shelf if they were offensive because , therefore , there would not be any book or magazine left on the shelf .
This is because people think different things are offensive so what somebody thinks is offensive it @MONTH1 not be to another person .
Therefore people would be angered or upset if their favorite book was taken off the shelf because someone said it was offensive .
Another problem with taking 'offensive ' books of the shelf is that it would be a result in people not learning in schools and ect .
This is because we all have to go through some point in school where we find something offensive for example wars , slavery , and politics .
If all these books were to be taken off the shelves then nobody would be learning about any of this .
In conclusion noboby would be being taught why these events happened and why these events are wrong , so people would not have changed , they would keep doing these things because they were not taught not to .
This in my opinion would cause alot of conflict between people and nobody would be educated on these events of history .
On the other hand rather than books being taken off the shelf books would not be being put on the shelfs .
In this I mean that authors , producers , would not be making movies or writting books because their work just keeps getting rejected .
Not only rejected but nobdy is going to go through the time and effort to make one of these for it to be rejected because it was offensive .
In my opinion it would almost be impossible for these authors/ directors to make a unoffensive book or movie for everyone that is going to read or watch it .
In conclusion I have read many books in class every year that offends at least one person , but this person can choose not to finish the movie , book , or magazine if they find it offensive , or they never have to read it again .
In conclusion there are many reasons why books should stay on the shelf even if they are offensive to someone .
This is because it would not help with people being educated on events that happened , and people would not be reading any books in school .
As well as authors would not be writting since their books are getting removed and the shelves are empty