Why should we be more carefull of what we get at the libary ?
Libaries can have books with knowledge , fun , rommance , and action or adventure , but some can be desterbing and grusium .
Kids a lot of times will pick books that have pornagerfy or grusium action .
This causes the kids to act in different ways .
They act hyper and mean to other people or even other children .
They are sneeky and do things behind the parents back .
Why is because they think they need to act this way because its cool , but they don't understand this makes them look very ugly .
'So take them out ' is some of the parents are saying now a days .
Even if we do take out all the books that can be bad for our children , there will not be a lot of books left .
Because now a days all books have something that is bad for our mind .
So why do we need to be more carefull with the books we put in our libary and the books we take out of our libary ?
It causes the world to change very fast .
Now libarys are a great place for kids to learn .
Books can teach them new things and expand their knowledge .
The libary is where all kids that have reports or essays on important people come to .
Some kids go there just to get a book to enjoy .
From my point of view libary is one of my most favorites places to be .
Any where there are books involved count me there .
Having books causes our imagination to come out and take us on adventeres that some of us will never get to do .
Sometimes books can cause things to happen in families .
Some of them causes us to have nightmares or have very bad behavior .
If we try to take out some of these books it will help the familes to come together , but also if we don't take out some of the books , it will cause things to go wild .
Because people and kids think they need these books to survive in the world .
Which really its just the books and ect ... that causes our mind to picture things that make us think we need them .
Other writing materials and even movies cause problems in this world today .
Magazines can have girls with not much clothes on or other things that make boys minds wander .
Movies are even worse because the picture is right there in front of their faces .
I am not saying all magazines and movies are bad to our mind because they can also be helpful .
Magazines can help us with research or just to now what is happening in this world today .
They also can talk on many subjects like cooking , room decerating , on how to decerate your weddings and etc ... Movies can help us research and also show us what happened back then .
Like watching docromentries , they are on people or what happened in our past .
We don't need to take every movie or magazine out , but some we can do without .
So why do we need to be more carefull for what we put in libaries ?
It can cause us to have bad behavior or bad dreams .
So how can we help to solve this problem ?
We can take out books , magazines , movies and etc ... that are really bad for our mind .
So it can help our children to grow up well behavied and mature .
Also one more thing books , magazines , and movies can be a very good thing if we use it right .
How do we know we got a good book ?
We find right books for us by following our heart and our instinkes