Author Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 quote is reflecting people wanting to rid of some of the literature , books , magazines , music , and movies in libraries , because they think that the material is inappropriate .
If we got rid of all of the books from @CAPS1 world , we would have nothing left to learn from , and some of the main sources of entertainment would vanish .
I believe that certain materials should not be replaced from the shelves , because the youth of today need to learn about the true past , people should learn about how cultures really are , authors and writers need to be able to express themselves , and parents should be able to control what they believe their children should and should not read .
If it were not for books and novels from the past , the current generations would have no clue of what history was about .
Children should be allowed to read books such as @ORGANIZATION1 , The @CAPS2 @CAPS3 , and @CAPS4 @CAPS5 in order to get a taste of how much times have changed .
Stories from grandparents only take a person back about @NUM1 years ; we need sources that can take us back thousands of years .
Some families , such as an @CAPS6 @CAPS7 family , might get offended if their children are reading books that say things like 'nigger , ' but that is our history .
It is something we can not change , and it is important for kids to know how things really were and how terrible people were treated .
We also do not want today's youth making some of the terrible mistakes generations in the past made , so they need to be taught about the real but sometimes horrendous situations .
Learning about different cultures would be another issue if books and movies were depleted .
Money is not available these days to just travel to different countries and experience their culture .
How is a young girl from a small town in @LOCATION2 supposed to find out how people in @LOCATION1 live their life ?
For all she knows , the people could be living in igloos .
I believe that it is important for people to understand different cultures and religions in order to accept them in society .
Movies can teach a lot about different countries , and books do a wonderful job as well .
If they are gone , cultures would be misunderstood and forgotten .
Also , authors and directors need to be able to express themselves .
Every since people are young , they are taught that it is important to be unique and express their own style .
Not every writer is going to want to write about butterflies and rainbows .
There are people that love writing about violence , gore , and segregation .
Those things are part of the world today and everyone needs to face that reality .
Getting rid of all of those books from library shelves will not solve the problems ; it would only cause people to not expect what might happen to them or @CAPS1 world .
Now , some parents @MONTH1 have hard times when their young boy comes home from school with an offensive book , but parents should have control over their kids .
If they have a problem with what their children are reading , then they should deal with that personally .
They do not need to influence other people's lives by trying to get rid of the materials off of public libraries ' shelves .
Why people would even consider getting rid of history and learning materials about cultures and different subjects in @CAPS1 world is beyond me .
It would be like asking someone to rewind time so that we would not have had slavery , depressions , world wars , and homicides .
It is impossible to undo history , but we can learn about the things from the past in order to not make the same mistakes and things of the current world in order to be accepting and understanding .
Books , magazines , movies , and music are wonderful .
They represent self-expression and freedom of speech , so people should let them be an entertainment and learning source .
Without them , we would be and have nothing