When you were a child how much did you learn from books ?
Books are filled with great stories of far-away lands , accounts of real events , and poems with powerful meanings .
All of those books were written by an author with a clear point to make .
Those books should not be censored from libraries because of words or ideas that are found offensive .
Children have to learn these things some time in their life and I think the earlier they learn the less trouble it will cause them later in life .
There are also freedoms in the @LOCATION1 that grant us freedom of speech .
Shouldn't there be a freedom to read as well ?
Authors are brilliant people .
Without them , there would be no books for anybody to read .
We should all respect authors and what they put into their books .
This means when an author believes that a certain word or action fits in a book , we should leave that book alone and respect what the he or she chose to put in it .
When I was a child I picked up on everything .
I was a very inquisive as any kid my age would be .
I remember wandering around my public library scanning the rows of books and reading the titles .
There were books about politics , religion , sex , and violence .
However on the other side of the library , there were books about children escaping their own world and traveling through time in a magical tree house .
There were even stories about mice who had feelings and normal conversations amongst themselves !
The library is great because of the plethora of knowledge contained in the unrestricted inventory of books .
As I grew older , I began to dwelve into more adult books such as politics and religion .
I then formed my own personal opinions on what I gathered from the books .
Without those books in that library I would have never been able to research those topics .
There is an amendment in our @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 that promotes freedom of speech in the @LOCATION1 .
This allows for anybody to say whatever they please as long as they don't infringe upon the @CAPS2 of anybody else .
The definition of library is a place where people can read and check out books from library and return them when they please .
Libraries should allow every book in their collection because every book has some sort of value .
Taking a book out of a library because of offensive material is not right because books are important no matter what is inside of them .
Some books @MONTH1 have material that might not belong in the hands of children .
Children need to learn those things sometime in their life .
Why not now ?
Books are what have taught all of us .
Please let them keep teaching