Should censorship be used on library books ?
Obviously if you are talking to an adult then yes , more than likely they don't want their pupils to be learning inappropriate words , but if you ask any student the same question you will probably get mixed answers .
Some might say ' I don't appreciate hearing or reading those words , ' others might say ' sure why not , I hear them on televison , see them on the internet , my parents say them so why can't I read them . '
To me personally I don't think it's that big of a deal to have a few inappropriate words in a book , but they shouldn't be allowed on shelfs in a middle school's library or lower .
High school and up I think that its okay to have on the shelves in magazines , books , music and movies .
When I was a child my mother always said don't cuss , but growing up in an enviornment where the overwhelming majority of people you talk to cuss , then after awhile it comes out like normal words .
So why not have it in the books , and movies ?
It's not like we don't know what the words mean .
If they hurt your feelings then you know not to read , listen or watch it again .
I 'm not saying cuss words are good and that it's ok for them to be in every sentence you say , but hearing or reading a few won't kill you .
In some cases , cuss words are good for a story .
Sometimes your reading a book and someone gets in an argument , you don't even realize it till the argument is over , but with sometimes when there is a cuss word , you stop and say , ' @CAPS1 something is going on here , and I want to know what it is . '
@CAPS2 catches your attention and keeps you hooked on whatever it is until you find out what happened .
Consequently ; movies , books , music , and magazines with foul language does have an affect on our youth .
A lot of children are cussing at an early age , but thats just how people communicate , show emotions , and get someones attention .
Censorship can take away a lot from a book , overall making it less interesting , so again I believe censorship should not be a deciding factor in choosing a book , movie , music or magazine .
Choose it because it looks interesting and its something you might enjoy