There are many books that are offensive to people .
I personally agree .
There are many things that shouldn't be seen by children.There is alot of material out there , weather its books , movie , and other things that have a bad influences on children .
Children learn by watching and observing .
They learn from us and our generation .
What better way to protect them than by removing their bad influences .
First , children watch movies and they see to people kissing and one thing leads to another .
Some movies even show people having sex .
What kind of influence is that on the children .
Than the children learn and they go out there and do the same thing .
Teen pregnacies have jumped threw the roof .
High @CAPS1 are filled with pregnant teens .
Any where you go I garentee you will see a pragnant teen .
Some girls even get pragnant right after they have developed and were able to have kids .
Now imagine if we were able to stop that .
Theres a way ; dont let the children watch these programs , that way they won't be tempted .
Secondly , there are books and movies and other things that show the children shooting and killings and how people get away with it .
This could be a very bad influence .
There are video games with shootings and have limbs flying all over the place .
Well the children will learn from those video games and movies .
They think that killing someone is ok and you can get away with it .
Bad influences like that make the children think it's ok to do things like that.There have been children who have killed their parents for a video game .
Then the children become cereal killers or go on a shooting spry at school .
Is that not much evidence at all to show the people that something is wrong .
We need to take imediate control of this situation and stop it before one day you see your child on television for killing someone .
Finally , all the children are getting lazier .
All children do is lay down and watch tv or play video games .
Their lazyness causes obesity .
Their are many kids to whom this topic refers to .
No parent wants to see their kid over weight for many reasons .
Children being obeast causes lots of depression .
The child feels sad because they feel ugly and they lose self esteem .
Thechild then becomes shy and quiet .
In some cases the child trys to comit suicide because otherchildren are teasing them in school everyday .
I know any parent wouldn't want their kid to die .
These are things that are happening and parents need to open their eyes and see whats happening before its to late .
In conclusion , to prevent all these catastrophies their has to be change .
Their are many harmful and bad influences out their today that can determine the childrens futures .
There still time for change , so lets do something about it .
Lets try to reduce teen pregnancies , bad influencial video games or movies , and instead of watching movies and playing video games all day get up go outside and go for a walk .
These are little things we can do to make a change for good