I believe that all the books are meant to be in the library .
People would not want them gone if they thought of it the way I do .
It makes sense that we need all sorts of books to learn from .
Some books @MONTH1 seem bad , but when you think about it there is always a good lesson to be learned .
There are many different reasons why all books should stay on the shelf , but here are a couple of mine .
Two years ago there was a boy named @PERSON1 .
On many occations he found himself in bad situations that he did not know how to deal with .
Many parents do not talk to their kids about certain things , such as drugs .
This makes kids unaware and curious to figure out the truth .
He had no other way of figuring out about how to handle fights , drugs , and alcohol unless he read about them in a book .
When he was almost sixteen years old he began to hang out with a bad group of teenagers .
They were going to take @PERSON1 to a party .
@PERSON1 secretly left his house and went because he was curious .
When he got to the party , everybody began to drink .
He knew that he always wanted to try it , yet he was not going to because he had to be home before his parents got up at five the next morning .
After several hours of setting on a couch watching everybody else do it , they finally had him talked into it .
He figured that one would not hurt .
Well before long , one became two , two became four , and it just kept going up .
@PERSON1 was having so much fun that he lost track of time .
He looked at the clock and it was three a.m. , he got really worried .
He didn't know what to do until he thought back to a book he read .
The book was about a guy who was out drinking , the guy had know other way home than to drive .
The guy decided he would just drive home because he was not very drunk .
When he was driving home he pulled out on a highway at the wrong time .
A semi hit him in the left side of his car .
After thinking about that book he decided to be brave and call his parents .
@PERSON1 knew that he would get punished , but he decided that grounding would be better than injury , or even death .
@PERSON1 had his dad come get him from the party .
He was grounded for two months .
It would have been longer if his parents had not been so proud of his decision in the end .
@PERSON1 was happy with his decision as well .
Events such as that are the exact reason why I think that almost any book belongs on the shelf .
The story in wach book helps everybody comprehend what should be done in a real life situations .
I know that books help me figure out many things .
Even what to do and what not to do .
If you just give every book a chance you will find a good reason for it to be read