The library is a pathway to knowledge , which branches to many different cultural roads .
It has expanded from just a place of books to a building which also houses music , movies , magazines , and other forms of media .
But , there begs the question if certain materials should be excluded if they deemed to be offensive .
There are many ways to approach this question .
Is censorship an answer to offensive materials or an answer to what is not 'politically correct ' ?
Often , people will claim certain work to be unjust without understanding the viewpoint of the supposed victim .
It is quite ironic that the people with the power - who stand up for offended parties - often do not understand them more than the creator of the work .
Another reason for censorship is to protect children from unwanted material , which is very understandable .
But , where in the process do parents have control of what exactly they want their children to access .
I believe it is the resposiblity of the parent to determine such restrictions .
If a parent gives a child unlimited access to material at a library , then the child should be able to explore wherever their curiosity takes them .
If the parent chooses to limit access , then they should be active in the process of selection .
It is the right of the individuals who birthed and raise these kids to determine how they are guided .
I myself am a musician , which is no more artistic in a sense than any other creator , such as an author .
My creations are expressions that I give for world to enjoy and think about .
To remove the work of an author in a library is to damage his ability to spread his thoughts .
Of course , there are other outlets to acquire books , but the library is one of the greatest outlets .
There are a couple complications that will arise in censorship on libraries .
What guidlines do you have in determing excluding the offensive materials ?
If a material offends one person , is that sufficient enough to exclude it , or do you need a larger group ?
It is unrealistic to always get a complete consensus of a group's opinion , so how do you determine whats offensive and whats not .
In all , I believe that everybody should have the ability acquire whatever material they want from a library .
It is an institution that is allows one to go places that they will never go and live lives they never will live .
Its ability to do such should not be compromised .