In third grade , I took a book off the shelf of my local library that had an interesting cover .
It was rather large , but I had come to love reading in that time of my life so I decided I was up for it .
The genre of the book was fantasy which I enjoyed immensly .
Although , there were some parts of the book that had me confused .
There were scenes involving women that I did not understand , and many new words .
Eventually , I came to ask my dad about a certain part of the book .
He read the passage , and his eyes went wide .
I never finished that book .
There is no doubt that I had a learning experience by reading that book , but , as my dad obviously thought , it @MONTH1 have been a little too much for that time in my life .
If it were not for my mom not wanting to make a big deal out of it , my dad would have had a little chat with that library .
Now that I am old enough to understand what was going on in that book , I realize that I lost some of my innocense because of it .
There is simply some material that is not appropriate for children , and it should not be put in our public libraries .
Not censoring what is put on the shelves seems obsurd considering my experience .
If I have a son someday , I want to be the one telling him about the touchy subjects of women and swearing ; it should not be from some fiction book .
I also do not appreciate the other material found in our libraries .
The music that I see has artists that write their songs without children in mind , movies have up to @NUM1 ratings , and magazines promote gossip and have sexual references .
Overall , it is disappointing to me that our libraries have allowed some of these things onto their shelves .
As I think about my experience in third grade , I wish I had never seen that book .
Maybe it would have allowed me to keep a little more innocense for a little bit longer , and maybe I would have respected women more through my youth .
I would love to see more censorship in libraries so that we can protect today's children until the parents choose to open their eyes to the world .