Do you believe libraries should remove items some people find offensive ?
Do you find some items offensive and want libraries to remove them ?
@CAPS2 is a major problem that many people don't think about often before acting .
Here are some situations many people run into : If one person finds a @CAPS1 offensive but no one else does , should @CAPS2 be removed ?
Many libraries contemplate whether or not they should remove an offensive item due to some peoples ' opinions .
This is because they know people like @CAPS2 and they know people don't ; they wonder whether or not they should remove the item because a few people find @CAPS2 offensive , ( this can range from books , music , movies , magazines , etc . )
.
People often think they do what is best for everyone by asking the library staff to remove something they think is offensive .
Honestly , they 're only helping the people that want to have @CAPS2 removed and don't say anything , that is if the library removes the offensive item .
If the library removes the offensive item , they @MONTH1 lose a customer , if they don't remove the item they @MONTH1 lose a customer .
So they are faced with a dillemma , 'remove the item or don't remove the item ? '
@CAPS2's a tough decision to make especially when they @MONTH1 lose more than a few customers based on either choice .
So what do they do ?
They @MONTH1 poll the customers and see what they think , they @MONTH1 do nothing at all , or they @MONTH1 remove the item to keep the person happy .
The problem is what happens if @CAPS2's a friend who liked the item and you don't want to hurt their feelings because the item has been there forever and they love @CAPS2 so much , but can't afford to buy @CAPS2 at a store .
What do you do then ?
People often don't want to think of other people's ' feelings and/or the decisions they would have to face over something as small as 'an offensive ' item , and they say things that they wouldn't normally say just to get said item 'out of their sight . '
@CAPS3 is they just don't want to agknowladge other people's ' choices , feelingings , opinions , etc .
So what would you do if you found an offensive item at the library ?
Would you ask for @CAPS2 to be removed ?
Say nothing ?
@CAPS2 is your choice in the end , but not all people have the same tastes in books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
that you do .
So think about other people's ' possible feelings , thoughts , opinions in mind before making a decision .