All throughout the world there are libraries .
Librairies have all different kinds of materiel stacked upon shelves .
Most of the material is helpful and enjoyable but some is not .
I think libraries should be able to have whatever they want on their shelves .
Yes , i understand some of this material @MONTH1 be inappropriate for a certain person but there is a way you can fix this .
If libraries have inappropriate books , movies , music , ect .
I think they should be able to keep them .
Just because some people do not that material does not mean everyone won't like it .
Everyone has their own style , everyone likes different things and has different opinions .
Isn't that what makes the world go around ?
Adults @MONTH1 have a problem with the offensive material because they have children who go to the library .
I understand there concern but there can be a way to stop them from getting to the inappropriate material .
If libraries are going to have this kind of stuff in their libraries i think there should be a blocked off room where kids can't go .
That way the people who like that kind of stuff can still get to it but the children can not .
We go to school for a vast amount of reasons .
Some being ; to learn , to get us ready for college , and to be independent .
While we are at school not only are we learing things like math and evolution , but we are also learing whats going on in the world around us .
If you haven't noticed , all that is out there anymore is bullying , cursing songs and horrifying movies .
We , as children and teenagers see and hear about this everyday .
Since we learn and already know about all of this 'offensive ' stuff , why not have it in our libraries for other people who want to study it ?
There is alot of different kinds of material in libraries .
Some good for kids and teenagers and some inappropriate .
I understand the concern for parents on censorship in public libraries , but there is a way to stop it .
I think as long as its blocked off into a different room , everyone will be fine and it will cause no harm