Certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive for three reason .
The first reason being what maybe offensive to you @MONTH1 not be to someone else .
The next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other .
The last reason being if we all just removed thing we don't like the world wouldn't be the way it is .
The first reason is that what maybe offensive to you @MONTH1 not be to someone else .
In this society we live in we shouldn't go base on ones option because everybody has a right to freedom of speech .
History show that many different people found different thing to be offensive because some people think that book that haves gays shouldn't be in books , but many feel otherwise.That a good example on how people have different opition .
The next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things .
The libraries being a place to study and learn should have a bus load different things even if some take offensive to it .
Infact some books teach us that we shouldn't get offfensive because that what one person feels and at long as your got someone who love you it doesn't matter .
The last reason being if we all just removed thing we don't like the world wouldn't be the way it is .
Books are a way for someone to give there own point of veiw if you dislike it don't take offensive to it and try to removed it from the shelves .
The @LOCATION1 has a government where they take everybodys opition .
A prime example of this is the state funding schools which is a big issue we shouldn't just removed the school because someone doesn't like it .
In conclusion certain materials shouldn't be removed from shelves if they 're found offensive for three reasons .
The first reason being if you found something offensive it @MONTH1 not be to someone else .
Next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things .
The last reason being if we all just removed thing we dislike the world wouldn't be the way it is .