How would you feel if you wrote a story about your life , and someone found it offensive , so the took the book off of the shelves ?
I feel as if the censorship in libraries is becoming a controversial problem for the following reasons : it is wrong to take away freedoms , people have different opinions and views , and some books , magazines , or songs are trying to make people aware of dangers .
One important aspect in why censorship is becoming controversial is ; it takes away our freedom of speech .
In @LOCATION1 , we have the right to speak our minds .
If everything we read was censored , there would be nothing to read .
The liberties and freedoms of @CAPS1 citizens should not be taken away because of something that is thought to be inappropriate .
Another reason why I believe censorship is wrong is ; different people have completely different opinions on things .
One person might feel that a book about a sexual assault victim is offensive , while another person might think the book is informational and helpful .
No one can base censorship on one belief or idea , because it will never be the belief or idea that everyone approves of .
A third reason why censorship should not be inforced as much is ; it takes away the awarness of the dangers in everyday life .
Stories about people who were kidnapped , or were in a car crash because the person who was driving was under the influence of drugs , can be a good thing .
Eventhough the story @MONTH1 have some accounts that are not appropriate , it could be very influencial , and convince someone to make the right choice .
If we censor stories about abduction , drugs , alcohol , or people making the wrong choices , no one will be able to read a story about it and make the right choice instead of making the same mistake as the person .
Although stories or magazine articles that @MONTH1 be seen as vulgar are looked down upon , they help to make people aware , give people the freedom of speech , and allow them to have their own opinions .
Censorship in libraries and media should be abolished