How would you feel if you were at your local library and you found something with something offensive in it ?
Many people would not approve of having offensive materials in their library .
The library is open to anyone and anyone could see the material .
Library's should make sure there isn't anything offinsive in their materials before they put them on the shelf .
Everyone has access to the library in your district and can look at anything that is there .
A lot of stuff that can be found in your library could be offensive ; but how would people know what is offensive and what isn't ?
Library's shouldn't have that accessable .
If they still have it in your library , then it should have a warning on it or be on a high shelf .
Library's should be aware of what they are putting on the shelves and know if it is appropriate or not .
Furthermore , children also have access to the public library .
Most of the time the child will have an adult with them but sometimes they can pick up something before you can stop them .
If there is something offensive in a child's reach , they might grab it and see whats in it .
Most librarys have a childrens section where you can trust that there isn't anything offensive in it .
Not all children will just go to the childrens section so there shouldn't be offensive material in library's or at least in childrens reach .
Lastly , librarys choose what they put on the shelves and they never know who will look at it .
If there is offensive material in their stuff then anyone can see it and it could put a negative thought in some peoples heads .
There are some people who are mature enough to see the offensive material but there are others who can't .
Thoes that can't , it @MONTH1 reflect something negative on them and it @MONTH1 cause problems .
Therefore , there should not be offinsive material in librarys .
In @CAPS1 , librarys should not supply offinsive material .
If there are people that want to see that kind of stuff there are other ways of getting that material .
There shouldn't be access to that in your library because everyone can see it and you don't know how it will effect them .
If there is going to be offinsive material in your library there should be an adult area where only people over the age of @NUM1 can enter .
If there is something offinsive that is open to anyone , hopefully one day librarys will elimanate them .