If you walk into a store and see a book you dont like or a magazine you could care less for , should you be able to get rid of it ?
My answer to that is no you should not .
You do not own the libraries books and you do not have any say on what is displayed in any store .
You are the viewers and buyers to these suppliers and if you dont like it dont buy it or look .
When I was in the eighth grade I went to @LOCATION2 for a church missions trip .
There was alot of cool things there that I saw .
This was one of the most popular places in the @LOCATION1 .
When we wouldn't be working or serving others we would walk around and do some shopping .
There is alot of people in this city and it was packed all the time .
Now with that being said there was alot of different stores and there are some in my opinion at the time that i thought were very inappropiate for my age level .
My whole group walked into a store where we just really didnt belong and we all had no clue this was the kind of store this was .
Our actions simply invovled nodding our heads good bye at the cashier and walking out continuing our day of shopping .
We did not remove any books , pictures , or even magazines in that store .
Reason being is that , that was their store and we had no right to remove anything .
After we left there other people walked in that store and liked what they saw if we would have removed those items they wouldnt of got to see what they liked .
That would be like someone removing something from a store I like meaning i 'd never get to see it and I wouldn't want that .
If you walk in to a store and see something you do not like you shouldn't be able to try and get rid of that object .
Whether you want your kids seeing it or not you just cant do it .
You take your own risk walking into a store and seeing what they have in store for you.You are there to browse around or buy a few things if you would like too .
Every store should have their own certain things and what you find offensive other people might like .
That goes for the opposite too what other people find offensive you might like .
It is all a big chain with many loops .
So say you do take that piece of material off that shelf or off the display .
Now that material is gone all because of you thought it was offensive .
Say another person walks in the ame store and takes something off the shelve that they thought was offensive .
Now there is two things gone from the shelve , but you actually liked what they took off the shelve and your upset that they took that off .
This will cause alot of conflict and big situations in the future if this was allowed .
One person likes it one person doesnt .
If you dont like what you see in a store then you shouldn't walk in or you should simply ignore the stuff that is offensive to you .
These are some of my opinions about this catagory .
I believe you shouldn't be able to take stuff off shelves and terminate other stores products .
Always be aware of what your getting your self into and know the outcome of the decisions you make .
This could cause alot of lossed jobs and many conflicts between shoppers and viewers like you .
I hope you take this into consideration and understand my reasonings for what I have said