Have you been to a library and saw no books or magazines on the shelfs ?
Well if the libraries try taking away all the books and magazines that are offensive then there wouldn't be anything there to read .
If you pick up a book or magazine and you think it offends you then don't read it , grab a knew one .
through out this article you will hear about how movies can be offensive , and how libraires shouldn't empty their shelves over it , then my belief against this topic .
Movies , books , magazines and music can be offensive .
If you think about it though if you get offended then don't read or listen or watch it .
You just simply have to grab a new book .
Now the question comes , what if its the best book or movie up there ?
If thats the case then watch it but just know its your own choice to .
If you really want to get those books , movies , etc.
, off those shelves then grab one that just really offends you and take it to the manager and ask him/her to read it or you read a part to them .
If he/she don't she a problem with it tell him/her to read from your perspective and then think about it .
After you get done with that ask him/her wants a stack of the books , etc.
, that offend you .
Thats when you start piling up the stacks right in front of him/her .
The libraries on the other hand if your getting bombarded with people coming in and sayin this books offends me I can't belive this on your shelves , what if a little kid got ahold of this ....... !
Managers or owners if you get people coming in to tell you to read this book , watch this movie .
What do you do ?
In my opinion i 'd read or watch maybe the first two or three but after that i 'd start playin it off and just agreeing to get them out of your office .
Now you got ta think , man if all these people keep coming in here and saying these books , movies , etc .
are offensive then you really got to take action .
If you take books away from the libraries then you loose sales .
I 've been to a lbrary where everything was catagorized so people know what there looking through before they start reading which is what I think all libraries should do instead of just putting them out on the shelves .
My belief on the topic is that you go into a lbrary knowing whats in a lbrary , books !
Now if you go in there and theres a book or movie that alot of people complained about then i 'd see them making an effort to get rid of it .
But if your the only one then i highly doubt they will make a special effort to get rid of it .
You also got to think the author of the book didn't write it just to offend you , their not singling you out.If its that bad where you can't read or watch it without something setting you off then take it back ang grab a new one .
If that book or movie is their best seller they 're not going to destroy it because of one single person .
So if you go to a library and check out a book or movie without knowing whats it about then I wouldn't blame them for not doing anything about it , its your choice not theirs .
This article took alot of diffrent sides which is good in a way because its not just about one single topic .
However if you keep nagging on the manager to get that book or movie out of there and they still don't do it then go to a different library .
Maybe that library wont have as many books , movies , magazines , etc.
, to get offended about and if there is maybe they will be cool about the situation and try fixing the problem to benefit the two of you .
So if you read this article and get offended by it then sorry , just expressing personal opinion and trying to get you to solve your problems .
thanks for reading