What are we hiding from ?
Is personal expression really that bad ?
Questions such as these come to mind when the topic of censorship in libraries arises .
In my own personal opinion I believe forbidding works of art from libraries is the same as destroying the people @CAPS1 created them .
Censorship in general is a way to hide reality and sugar coat the struggles within life itself .
One can not learn unless given the oppurtunity to face the problems in society and the world .
By banning certain pieces , the world destroys an opportunity to expand the knowledge of every individual .
With the removal of materials such as books and music , libraries ruin the time spent and heart that the creators have placed trustfully within them .
Although most people use these materials strictly for entertainment , the writers and musicians created them for self expression and to show their pain and struggles .
It could even be said that expression such as this is theraputic for these specific individuals .
How would you react if your form of art was dibbed unsuitable for a public audience ?
Would you be hurt and taken back ?
Many artists probably feel that they are being placed in a state of seclusion and hatred .
With the creation of art there is always a deeper meaning behind them .
The biggest question in my eyes is , ' @CAPS1 deems that material as unsuitable for libraries ' ?
What can be so wrong with specific material that we must take it away from everyone ?
At the pace our world is going today their will be no individualism left within the next fifty years .
If people are not even allowed to listen to specific types of music , sooner or later people won't be able to wear certain types of clothes or even dye their hair a different color .
The human population's greatest gift is their ability to be different .
If our society can not even handle freedom of expression through art , how can it handle any other type ?
Libraries are created as a place to expand knowledge .
If materials are censored how can anyone learn ?
Every individual has their own way of thinking and interpreting subjects .
A book seen as entertainment and down-time reading to one person @MONTH1 be the very thing that strikes a world changing idea in the mind of another .
A human's greatest idea comes strictly from the knowledge they have accumulated throughout their life time and off of their interests .
If certain forms of art are censored individuals will never be able to find that form of interest in certain subjects .
Everyone will strictly be forced to believe and learn the same things , restricting the world from the magical ideas one man could have formed with the information obtained from the art that had been censored .
In a discussion based class I previously took , we read an article discussing the @ORGANIZATION1's decision to ban any information related to the loss of the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and the terrible things their society had done in their attempt of complete succesion from the @LOCATION1 .
Through ideas such as this , you are not only taking knowledge , but also implanting lies into the heads of the next generation .
In that specific situation in the @ORGANIZATION1 it created a hatred and false sense of the @CAPS4 in the childrens ' eyes .
How can one specifically influence the beliefs of a child @CAPS1 is only @NUM1 or @NUM2 years old based off of their personal selfish beliefs ?
Through censorship we are destroying the truth and knowledge that each individual deserves if they are determined to find it .
The biggest thing about censorship is the cover up of reality .
Do libraries think if they do not publically display a controlversial topic no one will know about it ?
Knowledge is all around us .
No one needs a book to tell you our world is not perfect .
For all we know , a book censored could have saved millions of lives .
I can not fully grasp the concept in my head of hiding materials from the public .
There will soon come a time where expression at all will be censored .
If we are getting rid of art should we remove people too ?
I can relate censoring books to censoring people based on my own personal experience .
A teacher once told me that I would not ever achieve my career , because I had piercings .
Opinions such as these could kill a person's dreams .
I have known that I wanted to be a lawyer since I was seven years old and have been working to better my education based on my goals .
How can you tell someone that they are not good enough based on your specific beliefs ?
There will always be something in the world you do not like .
Each library @MONTH1 decided to censor a different type of art from their individual location .
Eventually the world will have no art left , because those few people chose that it was not suitable for everyone .
I can almost guarentee that most individuals have lived through worse experiences than what are being covered up .
The world can not be sugar coated or portrayed as perfect , because that is not lfe .
Everyone will struggle at some point and its works of art that really get us through it .
Sometimes we relate to them or in my case art such as music is what makes me feel better when I am hurt .
The pain will always be there .
Going through reality and the struggles is what makes each individual @CAPS1 they are .
Censorship in libraries will not hide anything from the public , it will just destroy an oppurtunity to grow .
Censorship in libraries is what will destroy our world .
No individual can say that material is not suited for the public , because they are not the public .
Every person poses their own opinions on life .
By banning these works of art you are banning individuality as a whole .
If things like this continue our planet will become mindless zombies will no personal opinions .
Libraries will be taking knowledge from everyone and ruin the chances for greatness for many people .
There is no true way to hide reality from the world .
Let people display their feelings through their art and share it with the world .
The struggles of one person @MONTH1 be what saves another and allows the ideals of the world as a whole to grow