Several years ago a parent at my school complained to the administration about a book , The @PERSON2 , her child was about to read for his english class .
She believed that it was an inappropriate book for a ninth grader to read .
She was in her rights to be a little nervous about the book , there had been concerns from within the school when it had been added to the ciriculum .
The administration eventually decided to keep the book as part of the class because even though the approprietness of one scene @MONTH1 have been in question the rest of the book taught lessons taht were important to children , like tolerance for other cultures , the imaortance of right and wrong and that you must fix the things that you have done wrong .
Although I understand that parents do not want to expose their precious children to the rest of the world , I believe that it is important to be exposed to a wide variety of materials because it helps people learn about different cultures and other ways of life .
I once read a quote that said something a long the lines of understatnding leads to tolerance .
We can not ban books and other media because we think they are inapproriate for a situation .
Being able to understand another person's culture or point of view @MONTH1 one day lead to the solution of problems in out world today , such as the crisis in the @LOCATION1 involving the @CAPS1 and the @CAPS2 .
I agree very much with the quote by Katherine Paterson about how if we all take away books and other media that we dislike we would have nothing left .
A good example of this is the popular internet video site , @CAPS3 .
There are thousands of videos listed on this site and millions of people who watch them .
On each video there is a place to leave feedback on whether you liked or dislike said video .
With all of the different viewpoints , opinions , and interests of the millions of people who have viewed this site it is very difficult to find a video without at least one or two dislikes .
If we all had the power to take videos we disliked off the site , there would be none left for us to watch .
Another reason why we can not just remove offensive things from our shelves is that without authors taking a little rebellious flair and exposing new ideas , the material we read would quickly becme very boring .
During the women's suffrage movment , the men of this country thought the idea of women being allowed to vote was offensive .
Now after many years it is seen as a commonplace thing and it is now a legal right for women to vote.This is an example of how a once radical idea has now gained support and made people's lives better .
If we take these books from our shelves we are harming ourselves and allowing us to become ignorant .
All books and media have value , whether they express just one person's ideas or the thoughts of thousands .
We remove material from our shelves at a risk to ourselves as individuals and as a society as a whole .
I believe that the founding fathers of our country knew what they were doing when they included the freeedom of speech in the @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 .
If we remove books and other media from the literal and figurative shelves of our society , are we not denying the authors , writers , singers , and publishers who made those works their freedom of speech ?