The old saying one should never judge a book by it's cover comes into litteral meaning with this particular subject .
Every mind that is among the world is extremely different , just as every book is .
One person @MONTH1 look upon a certain subject as offensive , while others @MONTH1 not have the same point of view .
However , in my personal opinion books with 'suggestive ' references or language should be placed in sections marked mature and clearly labeled with a warning of the contents lieing between the pages .
With over a billion different points of views residing all over the world , why should books that only a few select find inappropriate people be removed ?
Every person has their own life story and rough experiences .
Life's journey brings bumps in the road which can scare someone deeply and change their life forever .
While reading a book , a viewer @MONTH1 skim across a passage that brings horrible experiences swelling back up in them .
For one to have to relive a trauma that they have struggled to get over isn't right , but for another to read about a situation similar to a particular person's life journey could possibly grant them more understanding and compassion for the victim .
I do not believe victims of abuse no matter what degree should have to read about that subject in a book they thought they were reading for leisure .
However , these books should not be taken off the shelves because people who have not had to endure a struggle such as this should be able to grasp a better understanding for the other person .
Books for a more mature mind should be monitored and placed upon a shelf out of reach from a child who can not yet handle that topic .
At a young age I selected a book I had thought was a ghost story .
Mid way through I came to the understanding that the book was truly about a young girl my age being raped .
As a sixth grader I was horrified because I was not yet exposed to that danger of the world , and I was not mature enough to handle that subject .
For weeks I walked the halls scaared that I might have the same fate as the girl in the story I had read .
Books with mature topics should be seperated from those for younger childeren , because the description in a book @MONTH1 leave a child with emotional scares .
Labeling books clearly with any 'suggestive ' content the book @MONTH1 contain would help this issue tremendously .
If books are clearly labeled that they contain offensive words , comments , or horrifying situations , then a reader who will become offended will have less likely of a chance to grab the material .
If children who are still developing their level of maturity come across a book that mentions inappropriate subjects , they will have a better understanding of what they @MONTH1 be about to view .
By simply pressing a label on a book that states the concerns can be found within the pages , it will save the world alot of harm .
If books begin to fly off the shelves because of offensive topics , their won't be many books left to read .
Every person takes a different look at what a story says , just as every age group comprehends the message that passages give differently .
By monitoring and labeling books , book worms will be able make a quick decision on whether or not the material they think they want to read is for them .
So , in conclusion don't take away the wanders of reading from those who enjoy traveling through the imagination of books , but let them know exactly what they will see as they mosey through the unknown pages of a new adventure .