It seems you can not always make everyone happy .
No matter what , someone is offended or upset over something .
This holds true with everything- including media .
Whether it be a book , movie , or a song , someone somewhere will be unhappy with it for some reason .
Though this is true , it certainly does not mean you can take that media away from those who enjoy it .
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 of the @LOCATION1 @LOCATION1 @CAPS3 @LOCATION1 that all people are granted freedom of speech and freedom of press .
Would taking 'offensive ' material off of shelves not take away from this right so clearly and intently given to us ?
Not only that , but does sheltering the public and making us all believe the world is a place without bias , prejudice , or slander really help us in the grand scheme of things ?
Pretending that the world is perfect ensures that future generations of the world will be devestated by reality once they get out in the real world and realize everything is not perfect and nice and unbiased all the time .
My ninth grade year in high school , I read 'To @CAPS4 A @CAPS5 ' by @PERSON1 .
This book demonstrates the harsh prejudice that used to be normal in the @LOCATION4 during the earlier years of the @LOCATION1 .
This book could certainly be considered offensive by a person living in the southern @LOCATION1 ; one could say this book steriotypes people in the @LOCATION4 .
One could also say this book is offensive because of the language it uses .
African- @CAPS6 could be offended by the explicit rascist comments and names within the pages .
Despite this , 'To @CAPS4 A @CAPS5 ' is considered a classic and is praised and tought throughout the @LOCATION1 and the rest of the world .
I grew from reading @PERSON1's masterpiece- it tought me a lot about where the @LOCATION1 has been and how far it has come with acceptance of other races .
You learn from your mistakes , they say .
Therefore , we can learn from the media's mistakes .
We can grow as people from being offended or having offensive material brought to our attention .
We can stop history from repeating itsself by being well-informed .
Theology is a huge matter of dispute among all cultures ; @CAPS9 or @CAPS10'ite , @LOCATION2 , @CAPS11 , @LOCATION3 , @LOCATION5 , @CAPS12 .
Any book store you walk into , you can find a bible or a book on atheism or even ' @ORGANIZATION1 , ' which focuses on @CAPS13 .
Any music store you walk into , you can find bands that bash the ideas of religion , but you can also find theistic worship bands or meditating music .
Just the same , any movie theater or movie store you visit could supply movies with anti-theistic or pro-theistic themes.Taking such things off of the shelves because one work could be offensive to a group of people could limit another's options to explore theology and find out what suits them .
It could limit one's exploration of interests .
It could very well take away from one's personal growth .
In any case , it is unfair to take something that could be considered offensive to one person away from another just for the sake of being nice and having discretion .
Putting a ban on certain works could harm the flow of society .
Putting a ban on certain works could limit one's awareness of the world around them or the history they could potentially be inspired by , it could limit the expansion of one's intellect , it could take away from one's exploration of interests or the search of who they really are or want to be .
It is best to just keep things the way they are- free .