Do you believe that certain materials , such as books , movies , magazines , etc ... , should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive ?
Most of the people made books that are inapropiate or offensive and sometimes are the life of the person or some experience that they have live .
But the problem is that a lot of people are not realistic and they don't thing that those is the live of person's and can be the future of more people.Peple sometimes like to be the best and can make problems with other and that mekes them happy that is a sad thing because that's bad and also they can get of the point of do things so bad that they go to jail that's are some of the experiences that people shows but others get it wrong .
well thats their problem they can do what ever they whant .
I know that live is not easy but thank's of that material we can have a better live and also we can deffence ourselves .
Also i don't think that they need to be remove that books or magazines because that's what help us to have e better life and also in the future , they need to be in there and if people found them offensive just don't go there or don't see that materials ignore them more people like those and thinkthat are helpful for them and for me .
I don't think that they goin to have a bad material in there , things that are inapropiate i thing that they can't have bad or nasty information in a place that a lot of people go and not only adult also childre's go too .
And that's is more inappropriatefor kids .
People know what's going on in there and some others persons know too .
the world sometimes is a danger and sometimes help us for grows up that's is a good thing but we hace the choise if we want to read or have that information .
I remember one time when i read a book that is kind of sad but that help me to know better our life it was about two boys the book has a lot of bad words and talk really bad bad olso that explain more the book and we learn more about it .
that's some things that help us with life .
One of the books , magazines , music , movies .etc that we can write is our life because we pass a lot of difficults times and that is a book of our life and can be a inappropriate book of our live.people like me give the tanks to those peoples that publish they experiences and at the same time help us