I think that books , music , movies , magazines , and etc .
should be aloud to stay on the shelves of stores and libraries .
We have to ask our selves these questions .
Why should we take them out of libraries ?
What would people have to read when those books tell us about what went on in the early days , such as slavery , automobiles , and etc .
?
Who wants to sit and read about other stuff that is just down right boring ?
Why should we take down the books in the library ?
We shouldn't take the books down off the shelves .
We @MONTH1 have the right to take down the books but why should we .
It is taking away the knowledge for our children .
We would be taking away a lot of stuff the our children should know about , such as the slavery , and famous people .
What would we have to read about if we took most of the books out of the library ?
We would have nothing to read about other then the stuff that doesn't matter to us anymore .
You have to think about if we took all of the books that were inappropraite off the shelves of the library there wouldn't be anymore books .
Every book out there has something bad in it , so we would have to take away all the books other than the little kids books .
Who would want to go to the library and want to sit there knowing that they are going to be reading something that is not interesting and just boring ?
I can tell u who wants to do that .
Nobody , '' it's just dumb to do it and has no point , unless you are old , then you @MONTH1 like to , but not everybody is old .
Reading is fun to some kids and they want to read about different stuff , but if we take the books they can't .
We don't need to take any books out of the libraries ?
There would be no reason to go to the library or even read books , cause there isn't any good ones .
We are just taking away something that is really big to us @CAPS1 , and without those books there is no history for us to study .
Our kids need to see those books even if we don't want them to .
That is the early days and they need to know about all of it and how it was back then when they didn't have everything we do now .
You can't take away something that is fun to do so why take them