I 've recently read a letter from Katherine Paterson about censorship in libraries .
This is my opinion expressed in words about how I feel about the whole topic .
I 've been reading ever since I hit first grade .
To be honest , I couldn't tell you the names of @PERCENT1 of them because ... well I just can't remember them .
I 'd like to think that it's because I have a horrible memory , but the truth is , they were just unappealing and unmemorable books .
In all aspects , these books could be considered a waste of my life .
Back then , I guess I only read them because I had nothing better to do , which is horrible because you should read books because you want to .
I stopped reading books at around seventh grade because every book I picked up seemed to be extremely boring and it would take the first one hundred pages to actually have something decent happen .
Luckily , there is light at the end of this tunnel .
Every now and then you come across a book that changes your life .
Not literally , but it feels that way at the time ( which is what you should feel ) .
These are the books I remember .
These 'life-changing ' books all have things in them that would interest anyone who picks them up .
Unfortunately , these things would be viewed as innappropriate to a select audience .
For example , one book @MONTH1 talk about murder and be viewed as highly offensive by a person whose mother had been murdered , whereas the same book could be viewed as a piece of art by someone who has escaped the terribleness of death .
Apparently it has gotten to the point where people would have the books censored or have them removed the libraries completely .
I can stand idle no longer .
Books all go through a long , drawn-out process before they are shelf-ready .
They need to be written , read , and selected to be published .
For some books , this can take years .
To completely alienate these books is extremely unfair to the time that was put into them .
If you don't like the books , don't read them .
It's as simple as that .
If that's not enough reason for you , think of it this way : a book about a child getting raped and fighting to overcome it could serve as inspiration for rape victims .
Or , a book about someone's parents dying could help a child in the same situation overcome the grief .
All books serve a purpose and should remain staunch on the shelves of local book stores , regardless of the methods used in them .
Even if they don't appeal to you , it could be a completely different experience for someone else halfway across the world .
Let these books serve their purpose .