Do you believe certain books should be removed from the shelf because they are offensive ?
From my point of view yes , because libraries are public which means they are open to any and everyone .
Kids could see a photo that @MONTH1 not be appropriate for them , people of different religion could hear foul language , and it could give some libraries a bad image .
I can relate to this because I have also heard some things that I am not proud of such as foul language .
That effected me because when I heard it I went around people who were positive in my life saying it to them .
Of course , this could effect a child in a negative way .
Kids grow up to be as positive as they can , atleast thats what parents teach them and if they get hooked on things they see they will try to immitate it .
From my experience it did not turn out so good because my mother believed in physical discipline .
But if a child is not taught that those things have bad effects they will learn the hard way .
This is a reason I wish censorship was in our local libraries .
Also , people of different religion could find it offensive .
We have different consumers that walk in and out of the library everyday , so when they enter they should find it peacful not the opposite .
For example a muslim could walk in the library and here others listening into music with nothing but profanity .
Now that person has the right to report that person who was listening to it and he can say the library has no restrictions .
At times it is okay to want a book that has a few bad words but the library needs to know their limits .
Then , the library has a bad image which is a big problem .
When something gets a bad look sooner or later it will not be there anymore .
Meaning consumers will stop going to that library and one thing could lead to another .
For example when you leave the library the people that work there want you to come back and tell other people about their library .
But if problems constantly happen there they will leave and tell their friends this is not a good library .
Then those figures add up then finally you struck out and it's gone .
Now , if they are not removed this is what can happen .
Children will immitate what they see or heard , complaints will be filed on that library .
If I had a problem with the restriction levels at the library I just would stop going .
And if that library can not help it atleast have the courtesy to mark the sections of the library .
This will make sure we will know what we are about to see and read