Twilight , @PERSON1 , or even The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 series are books that many guardians do not allow their children to read due to their beliefs on what is real and what is not .
Magic , spells , and vampires many of us know are not real but others do not believe in what it is that is being taught to the younger readers .
My personal view on censorship would be a very low tolerable standard due to different people , more variety , and different reading or viewing materials .
But there would be certain circumstances where I would have to put my foot down and censor things such as sex and drugs just because that is not suitable for young children to be reading at that young of age .
The reason why I would have a low tolerance of the censorship is because different people like different things .
If someone was an athelte they might not find a book about cooking and cleaning very appealing .
As if a person that was a cook might not find a book about athletics too appealing either .
Just because one person has different beliefs or what their standard is for offensive would not change my stand point on the censorship of certain articles .
Different beliefs of certain people is understandle but , just because you don't believe it doesn't mean that everyone else is going to right there not believing it with you .
Dont't ruin it for the others who enjoy the interesting fact of a male @CAPS1 falling in love with a normal @CAPS3 girl just like you and me .
Another reason why my censorship in libraries is because it would give my library more variety .
If there was twenty different @PERSON1 books on the shelves many people would be able to look at them and check them out as they please .
Also , if you didn't know what kind of book you wanted to check out , you could look around and get a mystery , drama , comical , or even a horror book .
Having a wide range to select from would keep the guests always coming back for more .
I know that when my library had a series of books that I found interesting that I was back in there after I finished each one .
Also , having different reading or viewing materials on hand is important in a library do to the fact that some books these days are now turned into films which makes people more eager to finish that book in less then a week so that weekend they can watch the movie .
Most people say that the movies are never better then the original book itself but an opinion is easier to be based off of reading the book and then watching the movie not just by stopping after reading the book .
Now that you know my personal views about the censorship in libraries understand that not everyone is the same .
That is why when school's talk about getting school uniforms many children are against it due to the fact of wearing whatever style of clothing you do each day show individuality such as which type of book your reading also , shows your individuality .
That is why my personal view on censorship would be a very low tolerable standard due to the fact that different people , more variety , and different reading or viewing materials .
Just because you @MONTH1 not believe in the magic or wizardry doesn't mean you have to ruin it for someone else .
So don't jusdge a book by it's cover and lets not set a high standard on censorship in libraries .