The media is destroying our youth !
this is something we hear everyday .
Teachers are telling us this , while parents and grandparents are telling us how mush different their world used to be .
They explain how the media of their time wasn't as open about sex and violence .
They go on to say how they didn't have violent video games teaching children that killing is alright .
Because of these people , we think that the media is repsonsible for the wrong in the world of @DATE1 .
The truth is that it isn't the medias fault , it is the parents .
It is the parents responsiblity to teach the children of the world the difference between right and wrong .
If these such parent do their jobs correctly then the youth of @DATE1 will not need for everything to be censored .
It is my firm belief that their should not be any censorships .
When their is censorship people can govern what we learn , destroy what goes agiainst their beliefs , and destroy our god given right to freedom of speech Censorship will detroy the knowlege available @DATE1 .
We have had seen censorship in our history .
When we look back we see that the @ORGANIZATION1's censored and destroyed anything that went against them .
We hated it when they had book burnings and destroyed the custums , art , and music that the government felt was wrong for their people .
How would we be any different if we did it .
We could potentailly be destroying somones way of life .
We would be destroying what could possibly be tomorrows masterpeice .
In censoring we would be detroying history.By destroying history we would be detroying the brilliance that is learning .
If we allow censorship anything that goes against our own personal beliefs would be destroyed .
If you ask any christian if they would allow their children to read the muslim book of faith , the @LOCATION1 , they would tell you no .
It would be the same if you asked a muslim if they would let their children read the @CAPS1 .
The point is that if their is cansorship we would be destroying other peoples beliefs .
No one has the right to govern what others believe in the world .
Also in censorship we would be exterminating our freedom of speech and the freedom to express ourselves .
If we don't allow peole to read what someone else has written because we believe it is wrong , then we are taking away their ability to learn new ideas because everyone has different opinionsand theories .
Every newspaper would shut down because they would all be saying the same thing .
No one would want to read them because they would already know what they would hav eto say .
When we start giving up rights such as freedom of speech we will not be able to stop those people who took those right from taking more .
Of course their will always be things in the media , in books , and in music that we don't like.Their will be cursing , nudity , and violence everywhere we turn .
This is not because we want it there , but because these things are a part of life .
They are the dark parts that we dont want to see .
If you dont want to see dont look .
Just dont close everyone elses eyes because you dont like what you see .
Our learning , our beliefs , and our freedom of speech are too important to just give up to censorship .
We can not alow others to dictate , in this matter , what is right for us .
Our media is too intertwined with our lives .
Who's right is it to decide what is right for our lives .
If we start giving up these small freedoms then those taking them from us will not stop .
They will just keep taking what freedoms we have until we are nothing more that a dictatorship