The library is a place of learning , discovery , and knowledge , available to anyone willing to take the time to engross themselves in the rows and rows of information .
Including children's books , novels for young adults , @ORGANIZATION1 , @PERSON2 , music , and movies , the library gives us a magnitude of opportunities to discover something we didn't know before .
Although , there are other things that can be found in the library as well .
Books including racial slurs , sexual content , and offensive religious comments can accidentally be stumbled upon while searching for something else .
A parent should not have to worry about their child coming across a book or magazine containing inappropriate things such as this .
I believe that offensive books , music , movies , and magazines should be removed from the shelves of our libraries .
I would like to being by saying that I have an extreme issue with books that include comments , remarks , or names referring to people of a certain race .
Imagine if an @CAPS1 @CAPS2 woman brought her daughter of @NUM1 years into the library to find information about a school project .
Instead of finding the birth date of @PERSON1 , she found a book making fun of @CAPS1 @CAPS4 and calling them inappropriate names .
Children should not have to come across a discovery like that in a public facility , where fun and interesting facts should be found ; not racial slurs .
This type of event could cause serious damage on a child emotionally and mentally .
That is why these types of things should be taken off the shelves immediately !
Another issue I have is with sexual content being found in libraries .
I do understand that several books contain some sort of sexual content , but I am speaking of a novel describing a sex scene in extreme detail , or images of almost naked women on the cover .
If someone is searching for a book of that kind , they can travel to a sex store somewhere nearby and get their fix of sexual reading pleasure .
That type of book , however , should not be found in the library .
It makes our society look bad and taints our places of knowledge .
Lastly , I would like to express how I feel about offensive religious comments being found in libraries .
Every human in the @LOCATION1 is entitled to their own choice of religion .
They @MONTH1 practice it freely , which is sadly not the case for others in different countries .
If we have an uncommom right such as freedom of religion , then why would we put books in our libraries that include rude comments towards different religions .
A @CAPS5 woman should not have to go to a library and come across a book stating her religion is an waste and stupid .
This is not the truth , and it should not be in our libraries !
Even though I feel this way about inappropriate books , I understand there has to be some sort of limit when it comes to censorship .
Many people fear once we start removing certain books from libraries , more and more books will be taken from the public until almost all our libraries are empty .
Yes , if we do not censor within certain limits , this could happen .
This is not what I want to happen though .
I simply want the people of this community to stop and consider what is easily available for our children to obtain .
The least we can do , as parents , is to take books , movies , magazines , and music containing racial slurs , sexual content , and offensive religious comments out of the libraries