Two of the many privaleges that we have as @CAPS1 are freedom of speech and freedom of expression .
Although some bodies of work @MONTH1 be percieved as offensive or inappropriate , I believe that they should still be available to the public .
Some might agree with the topic being expressed , even if it is offensive or inappropriate , and others @MONTH1 not ; but they should not be removed from libraries because of their negativity .
These offensive or harsh pieces of literature could even be used to show the public what is considered rude , offensive , or inappropriate , and should be thought of as learning tools instead of being banned .
Every person has a right to an opinion , and others @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not agree with what that person has to say , but it does not change the fact that they have the right to their beliefs .
Katherine Paterson says , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the self ' .
I myself have read literature that is considered offensive , but as disturbing as the literature was , I am glad that I was educated on what people thought was acceptable behavior so that I know , and can teach others that despite what the book said , we now know that it was describing how people should not be living .
I believe that it would be a grave mistake to remove these materials from the public eye , because many are ingorant to the historical beliefs of others that have affected our nation and other countries across the globe .
All of these books are educational , though some are harsh , and they should be used to show what is right and wrong .
If they are taken off of shelves in the libraries then people , especially children could start to think that a certain idea , that @MONTH1 be incorrect or offensive , is completely appropriate and acceptable .
As someone once said , ' @CAPS2 who do not know their history are bound to repeat it ' .
By removing the problem , we would be creating another issue .
For example , many books have been written over history that convey hatred and discrimination towards other cultures , ethnicities , religions , and lifestyles .
If @CAPS2 works of literature were banned and not available to the public , many people would not know that it is wrong to show hatred towards others just because they are different than you .
This type of literature provides usefull information : it allows people to see how a large amount of people thought life should have been years ago , and they taught the people of @DATE1 that it actually was how people should not be living .