Katherine Paterson stated this quote , ' All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf , ' @CAPS1 I agree .
I feel that some of the books we have in our @ORGANIZATION1 libraries today just shouldn't be there .
Offensive books , music , movies , and magazines can give students and young children the wrong impact on life or their envoirment around them .
Now days , what children see is sometime what they do , so if books , music , movies , and magazines give them the idea that what they say or do is cool , then kids will most likely do it .
@CAPS2 observation when i look at kids in @CAPS2 community playing is that they follow one another .
When their playing tag and hide an go seek , So movies , books , music , and magazines play a big part on the way they behave .
@CAPS2 own experience with offensive books would be , there are books that are made by @PERSON3 .
In these books they use curel language , use wonmen bodyparts as symbols and many more rude things .
@CAPS2 little sister came across one of these books , when she ask me about it was hard for me to explain to her that this was no book for a child her age to be reading , So the best way for me to put it was that it was an adult book .
For her to get any images out of her head that I felt she shound't have .
Another experience I 've saw was with @CAPS2 little cousin @PERSON2 .
He was looking at a magazine out of @ORGANIZATION1 library .
The magazine was offensive to wonmen .
It was a play boy bunny magazine .
Now I don't know if you ever heard of these magazine , but I think it is very wrong that they use wonmen bodys for men to view .
I also feel that those type of magazines should not be in a @ORGANIZATION1 library .
I believe it gives children , mainly young men the wrong thoughts about wonmen .
@CAPS2 overall thoughts on censorship in libraries , is that not eveyone is going to feel the same way I do .
There are parents that allow their children to read , listen , and watch whatever they want .
I 'm here to say i don't feel that is the way to go about things , because it can influence your children to do inappropriate things .
I hope you take with you , @CAPS2 personal experience with you and help you children read , listen , and watch age appropriate books , music , moives , and magazines