Many people go to libraries ; such as children , parents , and grandparents .
I have come to realize that their purpose for going to this community loving place is to find peace and quiet .
Some don't even go there for the books .
They will engage in music , magazine , enjoy a cup of coffee , or simply get on the internet .
Now some people argue that some of the books , music , and movies in libraries are inappropriate or offensive , but does that mean the libraries should have to get rid of them ?
These materials people find offensive have no reason to be banned .
First of all , the libraries will lose customers .
There is a majority of people in the world who really like listening to rap or @CAPS1 & @CAPS2 .
It's hard to find that kind of music without cuss words or sexual inuendo .
Even I will listen to that type of stuff occasionally just so that I can have a cool beat stuck in my head for a while .
Plus , when you are in a library and listening to music you will have head phones on , which isn't disruptive to other in or around the library .
Secondly , customers who don't like the context of these materials don't have to get them .
If there is a book that has a sex scene or talks about drugs then don't read it .
You have a choice to what book you would like to read and if that isn't your style then there are plenty of other aisles and children books you can look through .
Those who are interested in those topics still deserve to be able to choose those books .
I have been to my public library many atimes and all the times I have been there I have not once even seen a book , music , or a movie that looks displeasing to the eyes .
So if you 're a person who wants an offensive book , then it takes A @CAPS3 of looking , not just a quick little scan .
Finally , freedom .
Isn't that was @CAPS4 is all about ?
The freedom of speech , and religion , and even what type of movies you want to watch .
I know this might come as a shocker , but there are labels on the back of movies that tell whether it is @CAPS5 , @LOCATION1 , @LOCATION1 @NUM1 , or @CAPS1 .
It also includes the not-so-nice content that will be present in the movie .
So you have total freedom to purchase ( check out ) any of those rated movies .
Like I explained clearly earlier , you aren't forced to watch any of the naughtier movies , so just pick what you want and be happy .
As you can see , there is absolutely no reason to remove offensive books , music , or movies .
There are many different types and styles of these categories and it isn't disturbing anyone .
Libraries will lose customers , people dont have to choose the less appropriate things , and us @CAPS7 have freedom to do what we please , especially with what we would like to read , listen to , or watch .
So save youself some time and just keep the few so called 'offensive ' materials .