There are many people that think certain books , music , movies , and magazines are offensive and should be taken off the shelves at libraries .
If you had to do a project on a subject that was offensive to certain people and there was no information on it wouldn't you be a little upset ?
If you found somethings that are offensive interesting you should be able to go to your local library and read a book about it , and if you like to listen to offensive kind of music then you should be able to just turn the radio on and listen to it and not have to worry about those kinds of things getting removed .
Some people are assigned projects for either their job or for school work .
If the subject of your project was offensive to a certain race or person you would want there to be books or any other kind of information on the shelf at your local library so you could work on it .
If all of the offensive books got removed from the shelves at libraries then nobody could be getting there work done .
Some people find some offensive subjects interesting .
For example , if someone found the @PERSON1 interesting they @MONTH1 want to just do some research to learn more about it .
If the books and magazines all disappeared from the shelves about this subject then those people would not be able to learn more about those kinds of subjects .
There are a lot of people that think most of the music that you hear on the radio today is offensive .
If they got rid of all of that kind of music then there would probably not be a lot of music left to listen to , and a lot of people would be very mad .
Also , if they got rid of all of those types of music then the writers of those songs would not be able to make any money and would be out of a job .
I think that the people who think these kinds of things are offensive should just stay away from these things and stop complaining .
All of the people who do not take these things offensively will be glad that they are not removings books , magazines , music , etc .
I hope you take into consideration not removing these types of things from libraries and anywhere else