There are more than six billion people in the world .
That means there are over six billion different personalities and opinons of all these distinct people .
It would be virtually impossible to remove all aspects of media that could be found offensive , because almost everyone is offended by something .
Some media can be found more offensive than others , but its likely that its something that the author feels passionate about and the author could be offended if his opinon was rejected .
Now that the internet is accessible in almost all places in the world .
Media that used to only be found on the shelves is now displayed online , which can never be permanently removed from public view .
It's illogical to think that just removing materials from libraries would prevent different groups of people from being offended by the media .
There is a big difference between awareness and offensiveness .
Some books and magazines might just have the intent to explain a type a culture and raise awareness about the subject .
However , there is a definite line that reaches over to offensiveness that can easily be crossed by authors across the globe .
So , it is in those authors best interest to take into account the people they are writing about .
It's important to avoid stereotypes because those can be hurtful .
There is already plenty of offensive literature in the world and to find it all and restrict all of it would just be irrational .
If a person is offended by something someone wrote , they should just avoid reading it .
However , this does not give authors the power to target a group in their writing and offend them specifically .
This is a very two-sided subject .
It can not strictly be controlled by censoring libraries ; it is also in the hands of authors and readers everywhere .
Authors and media producers should take other people into consideration and put their efforts into raising awareness instead of offending .
In regards to this , readers across the globe should keep in mind why the author might target them , and avoid conflict by avoiding the material .
It is not right by any means to target and offend a group of people in a piece of literature ; however , this is a practice that has been done before and just remvoing the materials from the shelves won't stop it from being exploited .
Libraries are already decreasing severly in their reveleance in the world .
All the new technology has hurt them and its not likely that they will ever become more prominent than other reasources , like the internet , again.With this in mind , how much would censoring libraries really help those offended groups in the world ?
Most likely , they would not even notice a change .
Everyone has the right to have an opinon and share it , but it is important to keep the feelings of others in mind as well .
The world is overflowing with different media that many people have access to , so writers and producers need to think outside of themselves before putting it on the shelves .