What is offensive to you ?
See your answer might be different from the person sitting right next to you .
There are so many materials in the world that are found to be offensive .
The world wouldnt be any different if we were to pull all of these offensive materials off the shelves .
There wouldnt be anything left because everyone has their own opinion about something and everyone has different inferences about what's offesive to them .
I believe that offensive material shouldn't be removed from the shelve .
Everything would be off the shelf if we were to pull offensive materials off the shelf .
There is always something wrong with something .
@CAPS1 might be the way someone has said something or the way they mean't @CAPS1 by .
There is always that one person out of the bunch who has something negative to say .
Either they take @CAPS1 the wrong way or they just think @CAPS1's wrong .
Everyone has their own opinon about everything .
Same for when some one asks you whats offensive to you .
Someone else @MONTH1 say that what you find offensive , is no where near offensive to them .
For instance , my grandpa loves all type of music and his life revolves aroud music .
My grandma doesnt like some of his music because she says ' @CAPS1 doesn't sit right with me , ' meaning that she doesn't believe in some things that the music is trying to persuade people to do .
My grandpa really doesn't pay attention to the lyrics as much as my grandma does , because he doesn't see music in that kind of way .
My grandpa likes a lot of music because of their rhythm and beat .
They always kind of get into disagreements about music they want to listen to because my grandma finds something in the music thats offensive to her beliefs , but my grandpa doesn't .
@CAPS1 doesnt effect him as much as her .
If you were to go around and ask people whats offensive to them , their would be some many different answers and you could never sum @CAPS1 all down to one answer .
With only a couple of people feeling offensive to some things , but the majority find @CAPS1 different , that would ruin @CAPS1 for everyone almost .
Then that would almost be everything gone cause @CAPS1's always that one person that takes @CAPS1 the wrong way and has to feel offended .
So I still believe that offensive materials shouldn't be pulled off shelves .