I , personally , do not think that books , music , movies , or magazines should be removed from the shelves because they are found offensive .
However , I do believe that there should be a way to protect adolescent , still-developing children from reading books that @MONTH1 offend them or introduce them to new concepts or ideas that @MONTH1 hinder their educational growth .
Some kids who have not been properly educated over a controvercial topic ( such as drugs or alcohol ) @MONTH1 make a bad decision based off something he or she reads about in a book or on a webpage .
To help solve the problem of offending children or deterring their education , I propose that we make a book 'rating ' system .
Similar to rating a movie or a video game , this system would rate the book so that readers know what age level the book is apropriate for , and state what factors the book incorporates to rate it the way they did .
As a newpaper company , you obviously know about our @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 .
We , as @CAPS3 , have @CAPS2 .
One of them being freedom of speech , along with freedom of press .
With that said , I do not think that taking books labeled as 'inappropriate ' off the shelves is a reasonable solution to the issue .
I know , that from personal experience , when someone tries to take away my @CAPS2 that I 'm entitled to , I get extremely angry .
Authors , editors , photographers , and publishers all go through a lot of hard work and long hours to put these books on the shelves .
By taking the books off the shelves , I believe that that would be repressing their @CAPS2 as @CAPS3 .
I know that if I were an author , and my book were taken off the shelf , because someone found it 'inapppropriate ' I would be very upset .
Taking books off the shelves could possibly cause an author's strike , to protest until their books are allowed to be enjoyed by anyone who wishes to read them .
However , like I mentioned in the second paragraph , I do think that making a rating system for books is a good idea that allows the authors to express themselves fully , and also allows readers to know what controvercial material is in the book without them being affected by the information they would have read without the warning .
I would strongly advise you consider my proposal , because it has the potential to prevent future confrontations between authors and the public .