Why @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ?
Is there movies , music , magazines , books , and more in our libraries today seen as offensive to some ?
A good portion of people believe so , and there is some that @CAPS2 doesn't even concern .
So should they be removed from the shelves of our public libraries or should they be able to stay ?
Katherine Paterson made a statement and a part out of @CAPS2 said ' But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf that work that I abhor then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS3 , I believe that some of the literature and magazines should be taken out of the libraries just because of the content many books are loaded with foul language , violence , sex appeal , ect .
For example I can recall a day I went to a local library with my little sister , and she was looking for a disney magazine and there were provocative magazines on the shelf that had half naked women on the cover right next to the kids magazines .
To me this is an image of selling sex .
What parent would want there child learning about sex at a young age ?
Next , even the music today placed in libraries is not good clean music .
A lot of the music today is also sellling sex , violence , and drugs .
My father tells me all the time till this very day that music back in the day was appropriate for all ages .
Music such as hip hop , and rap , is the main source for all the inappropriate stuff , but the rappers and producers are not to blame causse they are only creatimg what people want and what is selling .
Also , the movies rented out of the libraries today are very offensive .
They seem to contain the same material as the books , magazines , and music.They all portray the same image that seems to be entertaining to majority of the society today .
So can we just find something better to catch the attention of the audience who buy this material ?
In conclusion , I do believe that this material should be taken off the shelves of public libraries .
But I dont think @CAPS2 would do any good , cause people will just find another source to get @CAPS2 .
Like Katherine said @CAPS2 won't be any books left if its all taken off