Libraries have tons of books from comedy all the way to violent.Some people like reading books about war and violence while others find it offencive .
No matter what the book is about people have the choice to read them or not so why should libraries have to remove books that some might find offensive ?
They shouldn't !
Every one has different views on ideas , and not everyone is alike .
If all the books that were offencive to someone where takin off the shelf , there would be no more books left .
People walk into the library and most of the time books are labled by what they are about .
They walk to the section they like and pick out a book and normaly don't go to the section that they don't like .
There is no reason to go to the section that they dont like becasue they wont be reading a book from there becasue they dont like it .
They would just cause problems and disturb the ones that do enjoy reading those types of books .
People have the choice to read a book or not so why bother even worry what other people are reading as long as they are happy with what thye have .
If a parent does not want a child to read a certain type of book that is their buisness but other parents might want their child to soo what all is out there and develope their child's views on subjects .
Everyone has different views and ideas .
If every one was the same the world would be boring and there would be notheing to talk about .
By reading different types of books and listening to different types of music there is always somthing to talk about becasue not everyone knows the same subjects .
Reading a new kind of book might even open people's eyes to what differences there are in the world .
Children often times are more open to different ideas than adults are so if the books are not there for children to try and read they will never know what they like and do not like .
A book a child likes @MONTH1 not be that a nother child likes or even an adult likes but that is normal , people are not the same .
If everyone took the books or music off the self that they found offensive there wouldn't be very much of anything left on the shelves .
Styles are most the time oppisits , like comedy and sad books .
Most poeple who would like comedy wouldn't like sad and visa-versa there fore they would take the other off the shelf so neither would have anything to read or listen to .
Even with some of the best selling books poeple wonder why or how so many sold but thats just how it is .
People out there like the book so if one person didnt like it all those people would never have known what that book is about and @MONTH1 have changed their life .
Books can be very impactfull in people's lives and if they never read that book the change would never have been made to their life.The world goes round becasue of differences and the world becomes a better place because of different ideas .
everyone can not be the same it just would not work .
Libraries should not have to take books off the shelf just because someone found it offensive or did not like it .
People have the choice to read books or not and different views and ideas are good to make things more interesting .
Moreover , if everyone tooks books and music off the shelves they did not like there would not be very many books and music left .
So if you run into a book or some music you dont like just ignore it , dont read it or listen to it .
Things will be much simpler in the long run .