Real life is rated @CAPS1 so why pretend it's not ?
If a library feels that if a book is too graphic , a movie too violent or that music to agressive then its their own choice to remove it or not .
It is true that that it's pointless to try and censor the lives of kids and teenagers.Explicit content is all around not only in the media and literature .
The never ending game of shielding this generations teenagers and children is already finished .
In this point in time , the main focus of alot of movies and music and books is something violent , agressive , inapproiate , or explicit .
The idea of removing these things from library shelves is pointless .
The will always be violence and crime in todays world along with excessive swares and cuss words all around .
It's exceptable that some parents don't want their children reading , watching or listening to something they don't or wouldn't approve of but even if the kids are protected and home out in the world sometimes the parents wont be there .
Libraries are public places , and a percent of the audience would be upset , frusterated or angr if the books , music or movies they liked were no longer avalable due to the cencorship .
It @MONTH1 seem as if viewing , reading or listening to something violent or explicit , would have an effect on the listener .
On the streets , at school , at the park and more places children and teens will be exposed to this type or explicit language so attempting to cencor it in their reading and viewing matterial is just pointless .
In my experence I have grown up and been around people who have grown up listening to violent music , watching graphic movies and more explicit material and not been effected .
I saw my first rated @CAPS1 movie when i was nine , so parents can give thier kids somewhat of an age but at one point trying to cencor anything is a waste of time .
With schools now teaching their students the positives of being abstinent and the sexual deseases , students are more likely to refrain despite what they see in movies , read about , or listen to .
Any child exposed to the internet could be subject to all kinds of inapproite material , explicit canotent , bad language , cuss words , and disturbing images .
Real life is rated @CAPS1 so why pretend it's not ?
Trying to block the explicity and violence in the world is an endless battle .
Certain things @MONTH1 go over the line , but others are just renactments and previews of whats really going on in this world.Why would you hinder the real world away from children and teenagers ?
Movies have a rating and music @CAPS4 have an explicit content label so people should know whats approiate for themselves .
The first sware word a child hears probably wasnt in a song or movie and was probably somewhere in the real world .