There are many books in the library that shouldn't be there .
From books about racism , violence , or pornagraphy I wouldn't want my young children to be able to take those type of books out of the library .
A library in a school is a great way to help sudents with projects , essays , or just to read .
If my child was in elementry or even middle school , I wouldn't at all want them to be able to check out a book about things they shouldn't even know about yet .
If my teenager was in high school though , I wouldn't mind that because they are old enough to realize the things that actually go on in the world .
They also could be doing a project over the wrongs of pornagraphy , in which the library is better place to find a book then the interent that could take them to many bad websites .
Since I go to my local high school I think its nice to be able to find anything I need in my library at school .
It makes it easier to work on projects .
Also in libraries there are a ton of music , movies , and magazines .
If a library has educational music , why not keep them in there ?
If the music is rap , pop , or country they could just get it from @CAPS1 instead of the library providing it .
Magazines can also be educational .
If you are doing a project on fashion a @CAPS2 @CAPS3 would be excellent to help them find out some tips .
Magazines can also have some inaproprate things in them .
Since all they talk about in the media is sex , sex articles would probably be in the magazines .
Whenever I look in magazines I just skip all of that nonsense they talk about and read the articles about clothes , food , and people .
Exposing that to young children wouldn't be the best , but for teenagers they understand .
Movies shouldn't be in the library unless they are educational too .
There are a ton of @CAPS4 around that those scary movies don't need to be in a library .
In conclusion I think it all depends on what kinds of kids are going into the library .
For young children , stay with the cartoon educational type things .
For teenagers , keep it educational but be more relaxed about it .
If something offends you , go have a talk with the libraian they woukd probably be happy to take it off the shelf .