Books can be good things , but are they always good ?
They teach us things , entertain us , and are sometimes good pillows , but they can also be bad things .
When a book is inappropriate for the reader , then it should not be on the shelves of the library .
Music is the same way .
The library should absolutely take the book off the shelf if it is found offensive by someone .
Some books @MONTH1 be offensive in religious ways .
A person @MONTH1 believe in something very strongly , and then a book goes and makes fun of it or trashes it in some way .
Some @MONTH1 say that the person just shouldn't read the book , but if it were me , I would want the book gone so it didn't remind me of what it had said everytime I walked by it .
Books @MONTH1 even be inappropriate for little kids .
It @MONTH1 have language in it that the parents don't like .
People have said that they should just make a section for those books to where little kids can't get to them , but you don't know what the childs parents are like .
they could think a word is bad when you think it's fine .
Everyone is different .
Furthermore , a book @MONTH1 contain images not suitable for children .
It comes back to what I was saying before , you can't just make a section for these books and say the heck with it .
Libraries could even consider censoring some of their books .
Some religions believe that some types of music is the devils music .
I know from experience that my mother thinks that scream-o is the devils music .
She says that it is not right for them to sing like that and that @CAPS1 wouldn't like it .
Other peoples parents @MONTH1 feel the same way .
Magazines @MONTH1 also have words or images in them that someone could take the wrong way .
Although I don't believe libraries should remove them , but they should still watch who reads them .
They could even put a little label on the front cover of the magazine that says it @MONTH1 not be suitable for everyone .
Books are usually good things , although they can be very bad .
In the end , libraries should consider censoring their books , or if the book is bad enough and gets enough complaints , take it off the shelves completely