Just because I agree with something , do you have to agree too ?
Your cousin believing in one thing , means you have to believe in it also ?
No , not in my opinion , and I hope not in yours either .
If you were to see something you find offensive does that have to mean it offends another around you ?
The world contains things that children agree with and parents do not and this world consists of things that you like and others will not , but that does not make that item or that object invaluable or offending , and not the least bit inappropriate .
Objects containing so called offensive material are always going to exist in the world we live in and they have for a while .
They are going to be everywhere ; in stores , in schools , inside , outside , they are all around , and there is no reason for them to be a problem .
They will not disappear and that is nothing we want to have to worry about , that could become a criminal offence of any sorts .
So why fight it , well I say we don't .
Do you think that seeing an offensive item makes an area all the less attractive and good intended ?
What if something you liked , was of an offence to another , does that make it all the more wrong for you to like it ?
Almost all the things and materials in this world are liked and disliked all based upon opinions .
Nothing in this world exists without opinions .
Life in itself can be an opinion .
I believe that if there is something in a library that is deemed offensive by one , it is not deemed offensive by all .
Nothing should be removed from a shelf or a rack because another doesn't agree with it .
Substitute other objects or ideas with this , if one person in the world was offended by another person would you just remove them from the human race ?
No , I sure hope you would not , but to some they @MONTH1 see that as their one resolution .
Well me , I do not , and I 'm a strong willed , strong opinionated person and to me that is all wrong .
Anything published or released to the world , to the public by someone means that is their way of expressing something , it is their way of living , and they have that right .
That is who they are , and that is what they like , that is another person , anything we see or hear in this world is someone else because that has come from an individual who is equal to us , so why lessen there equivalence because its not the same way I feel ?
We @MONTH1 not all agree with their way of life , we @MONTH1 not agree with their choice of clothes , but how are we to know if we agree with their way of heart ?
No characteristic dictates the other characteristics of another , so why should an item ?
A good thing to you could be a bad thing to another , and what if that disappeared ?
Taking a cd off a shelf will not vanish it from the world , it could be found somewhere else , but still that is like eliminating your hand because your fingers don't look like mine .
Nothing can justify removing things from the stores and the world because one group of people don't understand it enough to feel the same and agree with it .
Anything could be deemed inappropriate , but what if your vision of appropriate is anothers eye to inappropriate .
Maybe there just is no line of the definition inappropriate , especially in the world we live in today .
If we start eliminating and removing everything we don't like , we would have nothing left , any and everything could be gone within a week or a month .
People would take an inch to a mile , and erase everything , then we would start eliminating people we do not like , and it would all become a repeat .
We learn about our history for a reason , does any of this resemble a situation or two the world has already been through ?
Erasing things from lives , have done no good before .
If we start listening to the facts of people not agreeing with one thing , we will listen to the next , what happens when all the sudden the people come in again and say they do not like the women with blonde hair or the men with green eyes ?
The world will crash and burn before our eyes , and if I can identify these things at the age of fifteen , then some need to identify things at the age of fifty , accept that the world has its flaws too .
So just because I agree with everything I said , are you going to agree with it also ?
No I know you will not , but think about that when you expect others to agree with what you say or think .
When I think of people reducing the things that they do not like , I can already see the world losing it's pathetic value it has earned , and we @MONTH1 not all be fond of this world but we can not lose it .
Eliminating the things you do not have a fatuation with will do no good , so maybe we should take into acceptance the different people we 've been blessed with and love what we have .
Accept the world as it is , because it is what you live in and it is what you have , because with out it nothing would be anything.Attempt to fix the broken things not eliminate the jagged things