offensive materials in libraries should not be taken off of the shelves because of their content .
Writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could obscure their message .
people live around offensivness every day on the street and in public places so censoring it in libraries would not protect anyone .
Removing the books from libraries entirely could also interfere with research or school projects children have to work on for class .
Writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could potentially obscure a message or major theme of the novel .
This style of writing can be seen in @PERSON1's novel To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 by @PERSON1 using terms that are offensive to @CAPS3 @CAPS4 to set the one of the racial tension in the south at that period in time .
This type of censorship would also be detrimental if a reader studying the holocaust can not view pictures of death camps because of the graphic nature , the reader would not be able to understand the true horror of the camp without it .
People live around offensivness every day at home , on the streets , and even in school .
A normal person encounters several occasions a day where they @MONTH1 hear profanities on the street from passing strangers or friends .
Parents sometimes curse or use profanties in front of their children to prove a point or just by accident , and this would expose children to offensive behavior just as much as adults .
Children are also exposed to profain language and behavior when they go to school and work around ither childern who might have offensive behaviors .
Censorship of books in libraries could interfere with school or work related projects and research .
Censorship could be an issue if a student could not get a book on a major war or event because of graphic nature , and this would hinder the students ability to efficiently complete their assignment .
It could also cause problems if a teacher needs to rents a book that has slight profanity in it but is not able to because of the content , inhibiting her from teaching her students about the theme and lesson .
Censorship of books based on the content should not be allowed in libraries .
first of all trying to censor a novel might abscure the message or theme .
secondly people live around profanity every day so trying to censor it would not protect people because they have likely already heard what is said in the novel .
lastly censorship of libraries could interfere with work or school projects or research .
If all libraries were censored it could potentially lead to several complications with workers , students , or people who are just looking for a good book to read