To begin with I feel everyone should admire the libraries .
I feel this way because at one point of time we didnt even have books let alone libraries to get books from .
A library is a place that has a peacful and calm environment .
People come to hang out at the library to collect good books , surf the internet , check out new music and aslo to relax .
So to answer the question 'Do I believe that certain materials should be removed from the selves at the library if found offensive ? '
@CAPS1 , I believe if things are on the shelf that @MONTH1 come off offensive to people they should absolutely be removed .
You shouldn't have to be in an environment were things are offending you .
If things seem to come off offending , it will make indivuals stop coming to the library .
This will make the library loose alot of business due to lack of service .
The library should be a place that consist of love , peace and harmony .
It should be a place were people should feel free and relieved from any stress .
By seeing or hearing something that comes off very offensive will tend to bring confusion to the library .
This also will make the librarians job much harder than what it should be .
They will have to work harder to satisfy the difficulties that you seem to be having with the library .
Something that would offend me in a library is some of the music they carry .
Certain types of music shouldnt be found in a library .
An example of some offensive music is the ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 ' music , meaning the music with all types of different profanity .
The music that is degrading women in a very disrespectful manner .
Also the music that's making it seem cool to be violent .
This will come off offensive to many men and women .
Think about it who wants to listen to music thats makes women feel like their not worth anything and who wants to listen to music that's always talking about killing , fighting and gangs etc .
People whould like to hear more soothing and relaxing music .
The music that makes you happy no matter the mood your in .
The library should just pick their music wisely so everyone can be well satisfied .
In conclusion as stated the library is a great place to hang out and just to relax .
It should never come off as a place with things that is offensive of so it should get removed .
This would keep down less confusion and more people would continue to attend the library because they know what a nice place it really is