Some people might think that it is a good idea to censor things on library .
People might think that some of the material might be offensive of bad for the youth of the people who go to libraries.People might think it @MONTH1 be better to take the bad and offensive item off the shelf .
I have a different opion on the subject .
I don't think anything should be censored in the library no matter if it deal with book , movies , music , magazines , ect.
, The real question is why should this material be censored removed .
The answer to that question is that it should not be sensored removed .
The library is somewhere you can go to get information on just about anything you want .
If these items are censored or taken off the shelfs the resources would be limited and or no help to the people searching for the information .
Another big problem with censoring or removint these materials is people might be missing out on alot of knowleged that they have never herd of that might be bad or offensive .
Such as slavery , the @CAPS1 taking over the @CAPS2 , and a lot of our world history .
I feel strongly about people knowing about the worlds past .
Now what happens if the items are removed from the shelfs of libraries .
what are you going to do with the thousands of books that you can no longer read because it is offensive .
We just can't get rid of them just like that .
A lot of the offensive stuff is true or based on a true story such as @ORGANIZATION1 park getting arrested because she refused to give up a seat to a white person .
so removing these books would be pointless because where ever you put them people will just go there to get the material they want to know about .
The most important thing about this is who want these books censored or gone and why they want to remove them .
Okay some book are bad and offensive but you have to look at it this way .
People have there own choice on what they want to read , watch , or listen to .
So just because some people dont like the material in a library doesn't mean everyone else doesn't like it .
It the peoples choice not a opion on what a couple people say .
So at the end i think that books and other items in a library sould not be censored or taken off the shelfs .
I believe that people have the right to read , listen , or watch what ever they want .
I see it as people opions fighting opions on removing the books .
Also if people don't like the book at the library then no one told them thay have to go meaning their opion really doesn't matter