Have you ever watched or seen a book or even a movie that you do not think kids should be reading or watching ?
I have , heard of many books .
There are even music out there that only adults should be listening too .
There are some parents that are strick on what their kids watch , hear , read or sing .
I know for a fact that my parents would not want me to be letting my childern read , watch or hear that kind of stuff .
When you think of the music , books , or movies that need to be out of childern reach what should they be ?
I think the movies , books and even music that have bad language , violence , and bullying need to be hidden from childern .
Bad language is not apporaite from kids to be hearing when they are under the age of ten or even older .
When you hear a bad song coming on when you have little kids near you , you should turn the station to a differnet station .
If little kids hear this kind of language they well be saying it when the are young .
Another book , song or music that should be taken off the shelf should be ones that have violence .
If kids watch , hear or read about violence , they are most likely to start being violent when they start hearing or reading about it .
When you are walking around you , you should not be scared to walk by yourself with out getting attacked .
If you see someone reading or watcing something that you do not think is right for them you should tell them not to be reading or watching that .
Violence is bad for little kids to be doing when they are young .
Books , movies or music about bullying should be taken out of .
Bullying is not the answer to everything , even though many think it is it is not .
If you think it is good for little kids to be learning about bullying you are wrong !
It is a bad thing for little kids .
Bullying also gets you in trouble when you are caught doing the bullying .
Have you ever thought of a book that should be taken off the shelf ?
The books that I think that should be taken off the shelf would be the ones that have bad language , violence , and bullying .
Childern should not be hearing or reading about bad language .
They also should not be watcing anything about violence .
Lastly they should not be reading anything about bullying