I think that removing books from a library that are offensive shouldn't be allowed , first off because people have different taste on the books they read .
I also think that the books that the libary carries are educational , they might be offensive to people but sometimes they are good for learning new things about the world around us .
Another thing is that a lot of books , movies , music , and magazines might be offensive to you , but if you dont want your child to read those then just keep them away from those types of books at the library , and the people that do want to look at that stuff can .
So i think it just depends on what kind of stuff people like , everyone likes something different .
One reason why i think that libraries shouldn't be censored is because some people have different taste in the books they read .
Some people like scary books , some people like romantic , so everyone doesnt all like the same thing .
Everyone might be offended of something but people should't let it bother them .
My second reason is because books that they carry at the library are usually educational .
They have learner books for the little kids to help them learn how to read , they have magazines for the people that are interested in the drama around the world , then we have war books for the people that are interested in history , so i dont think that people should really be to offended by the books that people read .
Another reason is that if you dont want your child or a looking at the books or ect .
That might look offensive to you then dont let them read them , everyone likes different things , and if you take away things that other people like then your just offendending them too .
Thats why people that enjoy to go to the library should't take things so offensive , so we don't have to censor things at the library .
So thats why i think that libraries shouldn't have to be censored at all because people have different taste in the books that they read , that books that libraries carry are usually educational , and if you don't want your child looking at those kind of books then don't let them read them .
People need to undrstand that some books aren't always trying to offend people , but the ones that are they are just trying to state there own optinon