To @CAPS1 it @MONTH1 @CAPS2 : @CAPS3 I walk into a library , I want to be able to think I am in a peaceful place where I can find books that are helpful for what I need and are not harmful to anyone .
Anywhere I go I want to feel like a free person and shouldn't have to worry about things that will hurt others or myself .
People are people and everyone should be treated the same .
It doesnt matter what color your skin is , the way you look , or how you talk .
Everyone should be treated equaly .
I believe if there is something offensive in a movie , magazine , books , or anything to any kind of people it should be removed for good .
It doesnt matter what the past was like .
The present is all that matters and in my opinion everyone deserves the same .
I beleive that no one in this world should feel ashamed of who they are .
If someone is @CAPS4 @CAPS5 they should be proud of it and shouldn't be afraid of negative things that would hurt their feelings .
I think most people would agree @CAPS3 I say everyone in this world should be treated the absolute same .
Negative things in books or magazines or anywhere should be removed for good .
We do not need things like that in our world .
That is what causes people to become crazy and get into gangs or into drugs .
Our world shouldn't concist of bad things that will hurt the lives of others .
Anything that is negative to a person or group of people shouldn't be allowed and should be thrown away .
Inacent people do not deserve what people received in the past .
The past has nothing to do with what is going on in the present .
Right now people should be proud to be who they are and not scared of things like that .
I treat people the way I want to be treated and that should go for everyone .
Harmful things need to be removed from everything .
We do not need things like that in our world .
People should be able to live free and feel proud of who they are .
In conclusion I beleive that certain materials should be removed if they are found offensive .
Everyone is who they are and that shouldn't have an effect on others and the way they live .
People should feel proud to be here and not scared of things that could impact their lives forever .
Harmful things are not good in this world and shouldn't have an impact on others .
Everyone deserves the best and should be treated with care , not hatred .