Comics , romance , adventure books , and mystery books are just the few different types of books out there as well as the magazines and music we listen to .
With a little bit of everything , and whatever your passion is , we have that right in our local libraries to go look at or hear whatever pleases us but , some of the people that go there are not adults .
Some of them are young children who are either checking out a book themselves or are simply with there parent/guardian .
I believe that even though there are some books magazines , and music not attended for children , they still shouldn't be removed just because they are found offensive .
Everyone once in their life had to atleast experience something unpleasant .
But knowing our world today , we simply can not hide from those things but yet face them , we adults are old enough to just walk away from something we find offensive unlike what our children or other children can do .
Sometimes , even children have to go through it as well .
It's part of growing up and also a learning experience for all of us .
If you already know what parts of the library have stuff children shouldn't see , don't bring your child to that area .
And if it's possible , bring them to an area where they @MONTH1 sit and read there favorite books as well with you by there side where you can watch there every move .
And at the same time , you don't have to take a chance at explaining something that you are not quite ready or sure that your child is ready to hear or see .
Since it's impossible to hide things from your children that you are not wanting them to see and hear at the same time , that's a part of life .
Even if they are still really young and ask what a certain thing is , we can simply turn there heads and make them get distracted by something else and pretend that we didn't hear what they said .
But as your children get older , they should know right from wrong and know what things they @MONTH1 read and things they can't .
Some of us are oblivious to the world around us and @MONTH1 not know that certain things can cause more harm than good , even like taking your children to the library .
If you don't like a certain thing there or know that there is going to be something you simply do not want your child to see or hear , then don't bother taking them with you on your next visit and go another time when your child is with a babysitter or take a chance into bringing them with you an expect the unexpected when it comes to offensive items at the library