Censorship in libraries is not necassary .
No reading material should be taken off the shelf .
Every book has a different experience that can help a child learn .
If the gurdain of a child believes that a certain book is bad or offensive ; then the gurdian can forbid the child to read it .
If people began to take away options on reading materials some kids @MONTH1 refuse to read at all .
Every person is different and likes an option to pick a book that they can get in to .
Censoring books at a library is pointless , you take away options , and the experience to learn from certain books .
Every book has a different plot and a different moral .
Each story in its own way teaches the reader a moral .
When you start to remove books from libraries you are taking away the chance for a student to learn a certain moral from that book .
You are sort of in a way trying to hide away reality when taking away certain books .
No book should ever be taken off the shelves of libraries .
Every book removed from the shelves is another learning experience taken away .
If there is a book that a child's gurdian disapproves of ; keep it up to them to forbid their child not to read it .
A book is simply a way to learn and explore the different things in life .
Censoring at the library can only keep kids away from the books for so long .
Every child deserves the chance to read any book they wnat , unless a gurdian forbids .
It is not up to libraries wether a book is offensive or bad .
That is soley based on the readers opinion , and everyones opinion is different .
So again , if a gurdian really wants their child to stay away from certain reading material they can forbid their child by theirselves .
When libraries begin to censor books they take away the option to pick books .
When you limit the themes of books in your library , some kids @MONTH1 just pick up less and less books as time goes by .
Everyone enjoys a differnet kind of book , leaving options open gives everyone the chance to find a book they like .
Although some stories @MONTH1 seem like a bad option , it is not until the reader has begun to read that he or she can figure that out .
Leaving options open for students is the best idea , because more kids @MONTH1 actually read .
All in all libraries should not censor books or any kind of reading material .
Everyone is different even when it comes to reading a book .
People like their options to be open and at a wide range .
Each book tells a differnt story and teaches a different moral .
So leave the options open to the children and let them learn from the stories they choose .
Some books helps teach a moral or get a point acoss .
Also some books help prepare a person for the outside world .
Taking away certain reading materials is taking away the chance for a child to learn the things that are actually going on around them .
In conclusion censorship is a bad idea and should be left to the gurdian of a child