You know when you find a @LOCATION1 book on the shelf and discover that the content in the book are not word that are oppropity for children to read .
Or when you go to copy something and you notice a magazine on the table and find out that the cover of the magazine has an image not for the young mind see .
Or a movie or music that you see and the content from them shocks you and makes you that they bleep those word .
I see it more better to have offensive items such as : books , music , movies , magazines , and etc .
removed from the shelves , because those words and pictures will poison the minds of children and children learn from the world around them stuff like will make the child think that's how your suppose to act and talk .
Here two example of why they should be remove from the shelves music and magazines .
First , in deal with music children word immate act they see and the words the say .
One good example is rap music : their song have cuss words in them and believe me when I tell you this that I have to constantly to kids at my school saying cuss words like the n- and f-word and many more and seeing some boy's underwear , because they think they are being thugs just because they have their pants sagging low .
It drives me crazy and make me think why are their parents letting their children do this .
In the next paragraph I will talk about magazines .
Second , with magazine some of the images they use on their covers and pages are something that are ment to be seen where children read .
an example for this is when I went into my school library's copying room to copy an article from magazine I found a magazine on the table and it show three of the cast members from @LOCATION1 in their birthday suits .
I thought what in the world is this doing at my school they should have something like that in a place where kids are in a learning environment .
Why on earth did they send this to a school for crying out loud .
What do they think it want bother any kids ' parent about it that I sure would be furious about it if I found out that my child had a something that at there school .
In conclusion , this is why they should be removed from the shelves so the children don't see them .