Freedom of press is a right not many countries have .
America is the land of the free .
To some , having this much freedom causes great things to happen .
Without the freedom of press , many of the most classic modern literature would not exist and their messages would be unknown .
To censorize the right to write freely about ones outlook on the world or government or anything means taking away imagination and in some cases statistics and events that relate to the past .
Before todays technology , books were one of the only ways to obtain knowledge , and the process to make and publish a book took so long that it was an honor to recieve one of the few copies produced .
People have a craving for information , they like to learn and advance .
If all books that were found 'offensive ' are stripped off the shelves , information is slowly taken away and the enjoyment of reading would be gone .
In the brilliant novel , @CAPS1 @NUM1 a man who lives in a distopian society discovers the lack of literature .
All books found in homes are immediatly taken out and burned in the streets for all to see .
Children found it entertaining and adults did nothing .
The man goes through the novel with a secret stash of books of his own .
Once discovered he is on the run to protect his precious knowledge the government tries so hard to keep from the public .
Censorship would create nothing but chaos and distruction as in the novel .
Having the right to know about your countries history or what is going on in your current government is critical in shools and colleges .
Parents often find offense in the authors schools choose to make students read , saying their ideas and ways of thinking are to single minded and wrong .
Students need books to grow and learn and if every person chose one book to take off the shelf perminatly , there would be no more books .
Eventually all information would come from what one would know before the books were banished and in time gone for good .
Books are a history in themselves , no one wants to hear the raw truth of certain topics such as slavory or the possibility of a complete government take over .
In order to avoid hearing of this one could simply chose a more ficition novel in which to escape into a fantasy of their own .
No one can change history , however they can exagorate certain events and without the actual book or cite it came from , one could completely alter the publics view and thoughts of the past .
Should one take offense to a certain book , they have their own freedom to write a negative blog or report on it .
Writing is a gift few have naturally and to be able to show off ones talent is a privlage .
Books help people escape the harsh world we live in , or help them gain more knowledge .
Censorship is irrevelent , for having all forms of music , movies and magazines stripped of the truth , what does that leave ?
People always strech the truth or tell a 'white lie ' however most information is factual .
The freedom to write and make books and music and movies is not all about entertaining people .
The messages behind said 'offensive ' material could be quite strong and though the author might be long gone , his or her message could live on for decades