The entertainment for children and adults consists of movies , music , sports , video games , and reading .
Books , music , movies , and magazines should not be removed from any shelf at any time .
Libraries censor some material because of violence or inappropriate material .
Children should have the right to read , listen , or watch whatever they want to because it's their life .
Books , magazines , music , and movies can teach young people about life and the writers , artists , directors , and actors have worked extremely hard on entertaining the people ..
The materials found 'offensive ' should not be removed .
These materials can be found helpful to others .
Reading material can help a young person with life .
If the reader is having problems and needs help , it is possible the book he/she is reading @MONTH1 help them in the thinking process on what they should do .
The books , movies , and music have been made by extremely hard workers , so why take away their hard work by removing their material just because a couple of people have found it offensive .
One of the many times i went to the library I was looking for a book I had read before but I could not find it .
I could not find it because someone else found it inappropriate and had asked that the book be removed from the shelf .
This hurt me because that book was one of my favorite books to read .
Some books found 'offensive ' or 'inappropriate ' and taken off the shelves could be another person's favorite book to read .
Why take it off the shelf ?
People are being too much self-centered .
They care about themself and that is it .
The material being taken off the shelves should be put back on the shelves for the readers who find the material entertaining .
If a parent does not want their child reading a certain book then they have the authority to take the book away from that child , not the shelves .
Freedom of the @CAPS1 states that the anybody has the right to write whatever the he/she wants to write .
If we keep taking books , magazines , music , or movies off of the shelves then we 're going to get to the point to where there are no books on any shelf