Everyone has a right to read , listen , or watch what they want .
Sometimes it's not always up to them .
For example rated- @CAPS1 movies , most children under @NUM1 can not watch them .
Either its a law or the parents have made it a rule .
Music I think is different .
Some songs have a bad influence on children whether it has to do with violence or cussing , certain songs like that still give kids the wrong message .
Libraries should not have those kind of books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
If people want to view those kind of things that other people find 'offensive ' they should buy them on their own time .
Not everyone has a great sense of humor so things that some people @MONTH1 find funny other people get offended by .
Even if libraries had anything that would offened someone else , it would be the readers choice to pick a book they want to read .
Sometimes it @MONTH1 be better off if the children read these articles by themselves so it 'd save time from having parents explain it to them later .
They might ask a lot of questions the parents might not even have the answer for .
For example , when my brother watched a rated- @CAPS1 movie .
In my brother's younger years he was always curious and asked a lot of questions all the time .
Sometimes my mother didn't know how to respond so she 'd change the subject .
Well , everyone knows the same old question ' @CAPS3 do babies come from ? '
.
That's the kind of question my brother was curious about .
My mom never bothered to answer that question , but if she did she would make up some story .
My brother was smart enough to know that what he was being told wasnt accurate at all .
Finally one day he got nosy and took one of my mom's movies without asking .
It happen to have the answer to his question .
He was shocked and disgusted at the same time yet he was glad to know he finally found the answer my mom wouldnt give .
In this situation I am somewhat nuetral .
I dont object to having things that might offened other people be removed from book shelves but on the other hand it might not be a good thing to put 'offensive ' things and certain libraries @CAPS3 children can get to them .
Perhaps it's what makes things not boring and makes it more interesting to the reader .
Not everyone has the same opinion on things .
It just @MONTH1 be a good thing to have these types of books whether its stating a fact or stating their own opinion .
Everyone does have a right to say their opinion and there is nothing wrong with giving informational facts in articles or movies either .
The bad thing about having any 'offensive ' things in libraries @MONTH1 not be a smart idea if it's @CAPS3 most children get there books .
Parentscan always have a say in what kind of book their children read or what kind of movies they watch .
Some parents might not want to go through all the questions the children ask and give something to them that will explain it better for there understanding , while other parents dont want their children to see or know of any sort of things that @MONTH1 be 'offensive ' until their old enough to understand it better and are mature about those things .
So in some cases it might be bad idea for things that only an adult should know be on book shelves in a library @CAPS3 a child might get ahold of it .
The quotation ' All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf - that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
by Katherine Paterson has its own opinion .
The quotation is basically saying if even a parent doesnt want their child to read something 'offensive ' if that parent reads it that sometime their children have a right to know .
If the child has tooken anything like that off a shelf that once they know they will not ask anymore questions .