If something is to be found offensive , than it should certainly be removed from the shelves .
When parents send or take their children to a library , they do not expect their child to be able to pick up something that is not appropriate .
Some items @MONTH1 offend someone's beliefs and be rude .
Public libraries are just that , public .
Everything there will be seen by the public and large masses of people .
No one should have to worry about being offended when they walk into a place of learning and knowledge .
Parents do not want their child going to the library and picking up rude materials .
Even if the child does not check the book or magazine out , who is to stop that young , impressionable mind from flipping through the pages .
Perhaps he or she reads something that his or her parents did not intend on teaching them for some time .
Books now have a lot of crude text and humor .
If there is a topic that a younger individual is not mature enough to understand , he or she @MONTH1 get the wrong impression or ideas about the subject .
If a kid is rumaging through the more adult section of the library , they might be expossed to some information they are not ready for .
Offensive language @MONTH1 be present in the books and now the young person will see them and try to use the words or phrases .
If a child read something about sex , he or she might be curious or confused , and ask their parents about it .
The parents on the other hand , might not have wanted their child to know about the topic at such a young age .
At that point there would be no turning back .
Parents would have to explain things that are too mature for some young minds .
Parents have every right to deny minors and children certain materials , but if the books are out in open , who will censor what is looked at by whom .
Libraries need to put serious thought into what is on the shelves , no matter what form the information is in .
People @MONTH1 think just because the story was in a book , than of course it can't be real .
Some reckless senarios are played out in movies .
Those movies are watched by people of all ages .
If an impressionable teenager watches a movies that has offensive language or violent scenes , that teen might act upon what they 've seen .
Since the public library is indeed public , the materials it offers to people should not be offensive .
All sorts of individuals walk into a library and look around .
No one should ever walk out a library with the feeling of being offended .
No parent should have to worry about what their child might pick up .
Libraries should not cause worry or harm in any way .