What is your opinion on reading materials ?
Should people be able to read what they want , or should we limit them to what they read ?
Every library has different choices .
They can say you can't get this without an adult , or they can just let you check it out and take it home .
I have read many different things in my lifetime so far .
I have read books that people have told me were not appropriate , and then nothing bad was in there .
Most books even if they say one to two choice words it turns into an adult book .
I think it should be up to the reader , if they can handle a book or not .
Everyone reacts to things differently .
Let's take people in my age group , for example , some of the boys are still immature , and think it is funny to act out .
Those are the kind of people that can not handle what we call 'adult ' material books .
Most girls are in the stage where they are maturing , still immature , but working their way up the scale .
They would be able to handle something in the adult material category .
The reader is smart enough to know what he or she can or can not handle .
If we take peoples choice away what are they going to have ?
You would make them feel more like they are being babysat because they have to take their parents to the library , and say hey mommy and daddy pick me out a book because I am not eighteen and can not pick one .
I would not like that .
Being one that reads a lot I know my family is pretty busy and would not be able to find time to ride with me to pick a book .
Therefore , i would not be able to read as much .
I mean what do you think ?
Which side would you choose ?
Everything is a personal opinion .
It is all about what you as a reader is comfortable with .
Do you want to decide for yourself or have some one with you every step of the way .
Some people are just too busy to even try to fit it in their schdule to go to the library .
Others just want to have the freedom to read what they want to read .
Why stop some one from getting smarter ?
A child will only learn more by challenging themselves .
Why not let them challenge themselves in a good book , that they got to pick out .
What do you think