I believe that libraries shouldnt be censored becuase people take offense to something .
Everyone should be able to read , research , or watch anything they want at a library .
I say this becuase everyone takes offense to something , If people can't find what they 're looking for then why go to the library , also everybody likes diffrent things .
I 'll support them in the following paragraphs .
Have you ever read or seen something that u took offense to you or others ?
normally when someone takes offense to something they try to get rid of the thing offending them .
If people where to take away things that offended them in librarys what would be left of the shelfs ?
dust ?
Becuase there are many things that people take offensive , everyone is diffrent .
This is one reason I support no on censorship becuase there would be nothing left .
Also everyone tends to like many diffrent things .
I @MONTH1 like something you could possibly hate , should it not be aloud in a library becuase you don't like it ?
No , becuase something you like could be taken away by someone else .
So if everyone tried to take away the thing they don't like this would be another thing were nothing would be left .
I think that becuase if we combined everyones things that they hate , it would most likely be everything .
These two subjects bring me to my last reason , if people cant find what they want .
Becuase it was taken away , why come to a library ?
People would just stay home to read what they like on the internet and librarys would become empty like there shelfs .
Then it was a waste of money to make the building , purchase the books for people , and hire librarians .
Thats wasted tax dallors we could have used for something better .
After reading all my reasons and opinions I hope you can agree on not having censorship in libraries .
becuase everyone is offended by something , everyone likes diffrent things , and noone would use a library if what they liked wasn't there .
some people @MONTH1 disagree with me becuase they 're one of these people being offended or not liking something .
But say no to censorship , let our libraries do what there for , allow people to read , research , adn watch what the want .