Censorship is one of the most broken laws in @LOCATION1 .
It is illegal to censor any publication such as books , magazines , music or movies .
Censorship most often occurs with books in a school setting .
Censorship should no longer be tolerated because it affects the writers , school system and escpecially readers .
In the @ORGANIZATION1 every person has the right to express their feelings and opinions on any topic that they want to .
School systems are taking away that right by not allowing them to have a certain book in a school .
Schools should be a place for either all books or a place for no books at all .
The faculty of a school does not have the right to decide what books are allowed in their school based on their own ideals .
It is not fair to the writer to be descriminated agianst , and that writer must have the right to have their book read in any setting .
The next group that censorship within a school system affects is the school system itself .
If a school is allowed to take away one right of a group of people without punishment , then they might start taking away other rights .
In general school systems and teachers are power hugnry leaders of the student body of a school .
They make rules just to display their power over students , and take away many of their rights .
If schools are allowed to continue censoring books , then this could lead to a downward spiral of all being censored .
As Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children ... take off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove the book I abhor ... then you have exactly the same right ... And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
The government of the @ORGANIZATION1 needs to crack down on school censorship because it is unconstitutional .
The last major group of people that censorship within a school system is the potential readers and students .
Censoring a book is taking that persons ability to learn about , and understand a certain topic that was censored .
Students within a school must have the right to read what they want to read regardless of the schools beliefs and ideals .
In conclusion , censorship in any setting , but escpecially in school must no longer be tolerated because it affects writers , school systems , and potential readers .
Schools are taking away the constitutional right of all potential readers .
The government of the @ORGANIZATION1 needs to crack down on the unlawful practices occuring in schools , around the country , everyday