What is this world coming to ?
We have stooped to the level of installing offensive materials in libraries where anyone can check them out .
Being a daughter and teenager myself , I personally have had the experience of reading some of these offensive books and magazines .
The sex , drugs , and violence used to create a story , have destroyed the minds of our youth .
I strongly feel this disturing and destructive material should be removed from the shelves of libraries .
I do not question whether children and teens should read , but rather what they read .
I agree reading helps our youth learn and excel in schooling , but offensive books and magazines put nasty ideas into their minds and distort their way of thinking .
The more our younger generation reads about these ugly things , the more curious they become .
I feel they will eventually let curiousity get the better of them .
Many would say that experiencing activities such as sex and drugs is all apart of growing up , but I disagree .
Trying any one of these harmful activites portrayed in certain library materials could put you and your health in severe danger .
It only takes one time to become pregnant or become addicted to drugs .
To better prove my point , think of your favorite book .
Did you look up to any of the main characters ?
Did you want to be just like him/her ?
Well it seems to me that this malicious material makes the main character and hero of the story a bad role model .
They @MONTH1 save the world and be a hero by day , but authors and producers make sure they include their night life in the story as well .
This tells our children that it is okay to do these things , when it is the exact opposite .
I stand by my opinion and believe offensive books , magazines , and movies should be removed from the shelves of libraries .
This material plants a bad seed in the mind of our youth .
It leads them to believe everyone , including their heros in books and movies , does these things .
Sex , violence , and drugs are not what this world was made for