Every author has an intended audience when they are writing a book , and they write about what they think is appropriate for that certain audience .
Unfortunately , sometimes other people that are not intended to read the book actually do read it even though it @MONTH1 not be something that they are supposed to be reading .
When an author writes a childrens book , it is meant for a child to read , not an adult .
Also when an author writes a romance novel , it is meant for people who can comprehend what the authr is talking about and can act maturely while reading it .
Although some novels @MONTH1 not be appropriate for certain people , censorship in libraries is not they way to fix that , and it is a big mistake .
As humans we are given certain freedoms , and one of those freedoms is the freedom of press .
Authors should be able to write about whatever they choose to write about .
If they choose to write about subject's that are not appropriate for all age groups they still have the right to have their books in libraries .
Even though everyone isn't supposed to read them , certain people are .
If you take those books away because your scared that a child might get ahold of one , then your taking away what certain people enjoy reading .
Due to the fact that different books are intended for different age groups , libraries have different sections filled with a variety of authors .
They have a children's section made primarily for children , an adult section with books that only adults are supposed to read and a teen section for everyone in between .
By having sections within them , libraries are trying to keep people reading what they were intended to read without censoring or taking away people's favorite books .
Having sections in libraries is a happy medium between letting anyone read whatever book they would like no matter how inappropriate it @MONTH1 be , and cutting out certain books all together .
If a person is an adult , they should be allowed to go to the library and get whatever type of book , magazine , music , or movie that they want .
If a kid's parent is okay with them checking out or looking at certain things then it shouldn't matter to anyone else if they think that the material is offensive .
Instead of censoring what movies , books , magazines , or music that libraries have , there should be a certain age when someone can come in without a parent and check out whatever they would like .
If a person is under that age then their parents should be present while they check out so they can approve of what their child is checking out .
Censorship in libraries is ultimately pointless and shouldn't even be considered .
Whether some people find certain material offensive or not , there are other ways to get that material so there really is no point to censoring anything in libraries