'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 is such a strong statement by Katherine Paterson in regards to censorship in libraries .
So often today do we hear of books , magazines , and numerous other resources in libraries being banned because of unpopular views .
A classic novel , The @CAPS2 of @CAPS3 @CAPS4 , has been removed from the shelves of many public and school libraries because of crude language such as the word 'nigger ' .
Libraries should not take resources off their shelves due to offensiveness because it goes against the library's purpose and because many people have different views .
A library is a place with resources provided for information , interest , and enlightnement .
When a book or magazine is taken away because of origin , background , or views that seem obscene or unpopular , then that library isn't serving its purpose .
If I wanted to find a book on @CAPS5 but the library banned it because another religion found its teachings offensive , then why not ban the other religion's books as well ?
@CAPS1 goes back to what was said by Katherine Paterson earlier .
What might be offensive to one person could be a lifestyle or interest to another .
Children , however , should be treated as a special case .
No , a child should probably not , in my opinion , be reading about adult things such as sex .
However , that child's parent or guardian is the only one who has the right to restrict resources they feel as inapropriate .
In most public libraries , young children are not aloud to roam the library without an adult .
@CAPS1 is a very prominant rule because it sets boudaries for the adolescent so they are not to read about or listen to anything they shouldn't .
Also , it is keen that libraries divide up the different resources into separate sections for children , young adults , and adults .
Banning books and such from libraries takes away a part of history and leaves a gap for the future .
To find that what our parents were once reading is restricted should not be an issue .
Materials should not be censored in libraries beacuse they are found offensive becuase @CAPS1 is censorship and it takes away our rights .