Our founding fathers creating amendments for the people .
One of the greatest is the freedom of speech .
Censorship of offessive materials is unnecessary .
Books , music , movies , and magazines @MONTH1 have bad messages or nudity , but that does not give anyone the right to get rid of them .
Book burning happened because of the dislike of people's writing .
People have the right to say how they feel by any medium .
Censorship of anything makes a child more immature .
Book burning is a horrible action by any person .
People used to burn them because of all the sex , drugs , and violence , but doing this destroys people's dreams , theories , and ideas .
In the book @CAPS1 @NUM1 , firemen would burn any book seen within a home .
Almost ever single book in the world is not factual , unless it is nonfiction .
The firemen in the novel destroyed any bits of type because it was false and went against the government .
That basically means every kind of book out there .
The causation of such a tragedy was that every citizen befriended their television or video games .
Without books there would be no real sort of entertainment .
Also , the things we read everyday are what make us who we are so there , in fact , should not be less books but more .
Libraries have no right to censor books .
Freedom of speech has been around almost since the beginning of this nation .
Why should it change now ?
Stopping obscene literature from being in the reach of the people is stopping writers from speaking out .
They @MONTH1 have already written their ideas , but if nobody reads their work then there is no way that they 'll be heard .
Libraries are not there to stop things from reaching little kids ' ears but to provide any knowledge a man needs .
Parents have always stopped their precious babies from watching certain shows and movies .
I once knew a woman who would never allow her son to watch the @PERSON1 series because of the use of sorcery .
She believed that he would try to learn witchcraft .
I found that quite ridiculous when I heard about it .
When a kid watches murder mysteries , fantasy shows , or dramas with bits of nudity , it is different to them and they are curious .
After watching these kind of scenes , a parent needs to sit down with their child and talk about what they jus saw .
The child needs to know that killing is wrong and justice is good and magic and dragons don't exist .
Nudity has always been considered a bad thing but penises and boobs are part of the human body .
Kids will be more mature about it the more they see it , but that doesn't the child should watch porn .
Censory has always been taken the wrong way .
People believe if that the offensive material is shown then the watcher or reader will have bad thoughts about what they learned about .
We should not get rid of the obscenity at all .
We should have an understanding of the bad things in life .
Burning books is a bad way to destroy the foundations of the human mind .
Freedom of speech is a law and should be followed .
Censorship is not always a good thing for children or anyone for that matter