Bad @CAPS1 in @DATE1's @CAPS2 Libraries are a great place to learn about many thing , from earths history to where will we be in the future .
I think somethings should not be on the shelves of a library because some books can be found very offensive to some people .
Even movies and music can be offensive to some people .
I think the music of @DATE1 is a big problem because the lyrics can be very offensive .
Movies are not a huge issue but they can be at times .
There are many reasons movies can be offensive .
If they are offensive why put them in the libraries ?
Well the libraries just want to make money so they do not care about offensive products .
For example a @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 movie that is inaccurrate and poorly made might be offensive to real life @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 veterans .
The veterans then might want the movie taken of the shelves .
I have seen some great @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 movies but I have also see some bad ones too .
My grandpa was a veteran and he saw a bad @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 and got so upset he cursed at the @CAPS15 and almost threw the remote at it .
Then ther is the problem with the music of @DATE1 .
I do not think stores including libraries should sell albums of @DATE1's rap artists because all the talk about is drugs , sex , and girls .
If you ask me its stupid .
But when you start selling them in a library there is something wrong with that librariy .
Some country singers can be like that to because all the sing about is getting drunk then having sex .
I just think the most of the music of @DATE1 is really pointless and a waste of time because when I listen to it I think this is stupid and makes no sinces .
Books can be offensive sometimes it just depends on the writer .
Books with a lot of cursing can be offensive to religions groups who are forbidden to curse or read curse words .
Why put it on the shelves of libraries then ?
Well it all lead back to money .
If people buy the books that mean the libraries get money and the more books people buy the richer the libraries becomes .
I read a book that was about some one killing cats and I found that offensive because I love cats I would never hurt them .
I got really mad when I read it so I threw it down the took it to the library and complained to them .
So over all the libraries should be more carefull on what they put on the shelves for people to buy .
If the libraries but the wrong things on the shelves they might end up in a law suit .
But if they do not put offensive things on the shelves they will not end up being in a law suit