Libraries contain many different selections of books , music , and magazines .
However , are all of these materials appropriate for all @CAPS1 visitors ?
In this essay I will explain to you why I think offensive , distracting and inappropraite material should be removed off of the shelves , and put into their own section of public @CAPS2 .
If a small child were to walk into a public @CAPS1 and pick up a book about abortions , they would not know what the book is talking about , because most small children can not read .
What if a fifth grader was to pick that same book up ?
They would be able to read the whole thing with no problems .
However , should a fifth grader be allowed to pick up a book about abortions at such a young age ?
I dont think so , fifth graders should be reading age appropriate books .
This is just one reason why I think offensive , distracting and inappropriate material should be moved to its own section of the @CAPS1 .
When I think of a @CAPS1 I think of a quiet place that I can go to and read , or study .
Although , some Libraries allow their visitors to listen to music .
Rather it be on a computer , on a ipod , or even on a cell phone , there should be a sound limit right ?
Most people would think that Libraries set sound limits , and they probably do , but people do not follow directions and they are not attentive to what other people are doing .
It is @CAPS6 distracting to go into a @CAPS1 , to study , and the person next to you has their ipod blasted to a heavy metal rock song .
Once again , this is another reason I think offensive , distracting , and inappropriate material should be moved to its own area of the @CAPS1 .
I also think that a @CAPS1 is a community place , that you can go to and be safe , and your parents would not have to go with you because they think that it is safe and appropriate too .
Most Libraries have magazines , because its for your entertainment , and they want to keep you happy so you will keep coming back .
Well not all magazines are rated @CAPS10 , some have @CAPS6 inappropriate material in them .
A child should be looking at magazines that are appropriate for children , a teenager should be looking at magazines that are for teenagers , and an adult should be looking at magazines for adults .
However the adult magazines should not be showing people with barely any clothes on , or any sexual scenes , and neither should teenage magazines .
With innapropriate magazines , I do not think they should have their own section of the @CAPS1 , I think they should be removed all together .
They have pictures in them and anyone can look at a picture .
I really hope you can understand my point of view .
It is nothing against public Libraries , it is just the material inside of them .
If I owned a public @CAPS1 , I would have rooms devoted to books that are for different age groups .
For example , I would have a room for @NUM1+ , and a room for @NUM2+ .
Those rooms would be for the books that are easily questionable for younger children .
I would also have my own room devoted for music only .
That way anyone could go in the room and listen to whatever kind of music they want , no questions asked .
The rest of the @CAPS1 would be for people to study , and read .
I think every @CAPS1 should be like this , it would help make the world a better place