Hello , my name is @CAPS1 and I think that books , newspapers , and magazines being censored should be done but shouldn't .
When I say that I mean that some books dealing with adventure or romance might have parts that need to be censored , but thats how the author made the book .
It was meant to catch your attention right off the first sentence of the story .
I believe that sometimes magazines need to be censored because they are promoting bad habits for people all across the @LOCATION1 and other people around the world .
Magazines in my opinion should be censored .
Now some make it to where there less inaproperate which is somewhat a good thing , but others pretty much just let it slide and figure it will raise the sales by how ever much percent they want it to be considering what they put in the magazine .
I feel that books should stay on the shelf however .
Some people feel that the 'censored ' parts of the story are really what catches there attention .
I myself have never had an expirence in this field because im not one to be a strong reader , but knowing how other people are , I would suggest that we censor some things , but not all .
People write books all the time dealing with something that has happened in their lifetime or something from their imagination .
So we can't really help what people think about and what some people write down to be published in a book .
For some readers , it is a very interesting story or passage being read from the back cover of the book , while others just want the book gone from there neighborhood library or out of their house .
It all really depends on the reader .
If I could , there would be things I would censor , but not in books .
It was their idea to put it in the story but some things need to be left unsaid .
Some readers appriciate it , while others do not .
It is really their choice to read the book and if its not appealing to them they can simply put it back on the shelf and find another close to it .
I just feel that some magazines should be censored .
Constantly , you see swimsuit models and 'sexual appeal ' in magazines everyday when you enter the grocery store or library .
I just do not think it is right for little kids to see that when there looking for a @CAPS2 @CAPS3 book or a book about their favorite animal .
Another reason to censor magazines would be because of some religious views on what people see when they look at the magazine .
People everyday become @CAPS4 and being right with @CAPS5 , so people will take offense to some of the disturbing images in magazines .
I myself as a @CAPS6 take offense to some of these magazines , promoting being perfect and having the life sucked out of you as you read each passage .
As I have said , I am to the understanding of the books having what they have in them , because of the authors imagination , but some magazines just need to be thrown off the shelf