Do you believe that certian materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive ?
No , no i do not .
it is one thing to censor a book or movie , but to completley remove it is another .
I feel like authors , artists , musicians , and writers should have the freedom to write and say what they want .
Regardless of who is reading it .
I feel like censorship is wrong .
Authors should be able to feel free to express there thoughts and feelings about a subject or topic in any way they like .
some times storys can not be explained or told the way it needs to be without certain words .
Wether those words be good or bad i feel like with out them the book that is being read is not all of what it could of been .
in my oppionion censorship takes away from certain values or qualitys the book could of had with the original context still in it .
and to me that is not fair .
its not fair to the author .
and is most certainly not fair to the reader who is reading the book .
I know from my personal expierences with reading books that 'yes ' i have read books that have had bad language in them .
but just because a book has one or two bad words in it does not mean that it should be completley taken off the shelf .
For example the book ' @CAPS1 ' @CAPS2 : @PERSON1 was an amazing book .
I probably enjoyed that book more than i have any other book that i have ever read in my entire life .
But that book would not be nearly as good as it was with it being scensored or taken off the shelf for that matter .
All i am trying to get at is that good books with bad language should not be censored just because of some of the words it has in it .
because that is getting away from what the over all message is about .
Your almost taking the words out of context when you do this .
Do i believe that certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelf if they are found offensive ?
No i do not .
Neither should you