Sexual conduct , language , and criminal behavior are three big things in my school , and community .
Certain books , movies , music , and magazines are all about those three things .
If they are in our libraries , how can teachers and administration keep us from it during school ?
I think the censorship of some movies , magazines , and especially music should be highly discussed , and more strict .
We do not really have a lot of movies in our school library , but I do know that there are some in the town library .
Parents and adults do not want us growing up so fast , and yet they allow sexual , crude language movies to be on the shelves of libraries .
If it is such a big deal , I think they need to be removed .
I 'm a big believer on the fact that if it happens , it is going to happen no matter @CAPS1 precautions are taken .
But with that said , we can still take the needed precautions to keep it from kids that are too yound to see them , like under the age of @NUM1 .
It is not just movies that we have to worry about though .
@ORGANIZATION1 is a magazine that is devoted to giving their readers tips on sex , problems with their sex lives , and the occassional ' @CAPS1 to wear this @DATE1 ! '
articles .
I will say that I have read this magazine , but it doesn't appeal to my interests .
Some kids today though , are very attentive to those subjects .
Again , that goes back to the problem of kids growing up too fast .
I have noticed in my school alone , that it is a rapidly growing problem .
If magazines like this weren't on the shelves for us to see whenever we enter a library , maybe we would not be as keen to the idea .
If we were not introduced to it so early , we would not be going behind our parents ' backs trying to do it .
@ORGANIZATION1 , and other magazines like it , needs to be taken off the shelves as soon as possible .
Music is a world-wide phenomenon .
Say a child around the age of @NUM2 is listening to the new @CAPS2 ' @PERSON1 song .
He is being introduces to crude language , sexual behavior , and criminal acts in the @NUM3 minute time period it takes to listen to the full song .
Seriously , it only takes that long for a child to be introduced , and it is only one song out of the thousands that are out there .
This music is able to be accessed on many computers , especially in public , town libraries .
We are not allowed to act like that in school , and if we are going to be spending @NUM4 of our childhood/teenage years here , why let us listen to it ?
If you walk into a library , all you have to do is sign your name , the date , and the time you got there to access a computer .
After that , they can not tell you to get off of it , unless you are violating the law or looking up something not age appropriate .
Music does not fall into that category .
It , too needs to be taken away if the language , sexual conduct , and criminal behavior messages are adult rated .
I , personally , love magazines , movies , and music .
They are my three m's and I live by them .
But not the ones that are going to get me in trouble , put wrong messages in my head , or cause me ( subconciously ) do participate in a criminal act .
I always allow my mother or father to read books , listen to music , and watch movies with me .
If they are not pleased with @CAPS1 it is , I will not do it behind their back .
The censorship in libraries needs to be more strict .
If it were more strict , it would keep our younger children from growing up to fast and keep teens from participating in criminal acts .
The censorship in libraries is an ongoing problem and it needs to be fixed .