The diversity of the world makes it rather difficult to please every person all of the time .
What I find appropreate , another @MONTH1 find obscene and volgur .
What I enjoy to read , or listen to , or watch , or any other manner of media consumption I indulge in , @MONTH1 insult or bother someone else ; as a matter of fact it probably does .
That still does not make it right to remove what I , or others like because it offends another person .
A child walks through a grocery store , doesn't get what they want and proceeds to drop the f-bomb .
More than half the time , they heard that language from their parents .
If not their parents , then the media right ?
Maybe so , but that media shouldn't be hidden for the 'just-in-case ' a child hears it .
If a parent or guardian does not want their child to hear such things , they shouldn't allow them to listen to it .
They control what does and does not enter their house .
To remove such things from the library , would be like trying to keep a child from ever seeing a naked body , or hearing a curse word .
Every time they bathe they 'd need blinders from themselves and they 'd never be able to leave their house , because people do not always watch what they say in public .
No , I do not feel like every type of movie , or book , etc.
, belongs in the library .
There is a cut-off as to how inapropreate or volgure something should be and still be allowed in a public library .
Novels that are so descriptive that the reader can almost see every aspect of the procreation taking place between the pages , should have its own place , seperate from the public library , right along with the movies that really do show every aspect .
Although I like the thought , to actually remove said books would be unfair .
To deny access to those who find those books fine for themselves wouyld be wrong .
A wise author , Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
The truth of this statement would not be hard to prove .
A religious family that believes @PERSON2 , a book I find to be innocent fantasy , is a book series promoting witchcraft and satanism , so they remove them from the library .
I remove the previously stated graphic romance novels .
A mother whom wants her child to be sheltered from what she considers the filth of the planet , removes books of drug addicts , and abuse , and books of war because they 're full of death .
And as this continues , finally , we are left with the empty shelfs of a forgotten building that no longer has a purpose .
The graphic novels I find inapropreate could be placed in an adult section , or higher up than most children can reach .
The protective parents can deny their own children the media they deem inappropreate , instead of the world .
Although not everything is appropreate for everyone , it isn't right to censor something from the world .
There are ways to cencor things to parts and not others .
Nothing should be romoved from the library because of its content .
At most it should be placed in a less accessable manner .