Censorship should only be used for areas in which young children are exposed to , suchs as schools and tv shows intended for young children .
Things that aren't intendend for young children should not be censored .
If you were to censore everything because some people find it offensive then we would never be able to find new ideas to improve our community .
Censoring books , moives , magazines , and music that aren't intended for young people is a wast of time .
If you were to take a book off a shelf that explaind the @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 because a person found it offensive then we would never make advansis in technology .
Cenosoring items like books is just plane idiotic and ignorant .
Studing matireal is our only way to advance in seiance , and if we can't get the right books to studie because they were taken off the shelf due to it being offensive then we will never make brakethoughs in technology .
Parents that feel that books , movies , and magazines should be censored really arent good parents .
If they really were consurend with thouse topics then they shouldn't buy them the moives or the books that they find offensive .
It seems that parents want to proclaim they want to censore that items because they find it offensive .
But not all parents feel the same way , some parents are open with their children about these topics and feel that their chilren are mature enough to handle things like these .
As a child I wasn't shielded from these kinds of situations .
I grew up with out censoreship .
I wacthed movies and read book that were never censored , and I was mature enough to know what it all ment .
I see why parents want to censore that kids from topics like thouse , but they never take the time to talk to their children about these topic and see if that are mature enough to hanld it .
Censoreship is great for childrens tv shows .
But when you start to censore someones ideas because you find them offensive and wrong then you are being ignorant .
People here have freedom of speech and desirve the right to not have there work censored because a small group finds it offensive .
Censoreship is a great tool , if used right