I think that they should remove books , and take away more stuff from the kids now a days , because they are getting worse in worse like everyday , i think they should move the @NUM1 to @NUM2 , so atleast they are old enough to read , hear , or watch whatever they want , but they should go through and do a self-check on everything that they put out in the stores.They should also have different parts in a library so that the little ones dont get to the adult section , such as adult books , that have stuff in them about sex , drugs , or anything else that falls under that catagory .
I have @NUM3 little brothers , and they are @NUM4 , @NUM5 , @NUM6 .
They know more stuff then my parents , and its because now a days kids pick up on stuff a lot more easier .
So i say we as in the @LOCATION1 citizens need to watch out on how we put stuff out there that the kids can get a hold of .
When i was growing-up i didnt know as much as my little brothers do today , and that is because everyday they are coming out with something else everyday that can effect our kids , brothers , or whoever .
I also do think the schools should have a class about the stuff that kids are experiencing in todays life , in like elementary school , so that when they get older they will already know about the drugs , or the sex life .
Kids also remember stuff a lot more when they are growing up , so if we put it in there heads at a really really young age , they will remember it .
Im not saying that kids will stop doing what they are doing , but atleast the percent population will go down , and parents will be a lot more happier .
I also think that parents should stop lying to there kids about sex , making up stories so that there kid wont know , they need to stop doing that because they are going to find out about it sooner or later , so why not now ?
they whould be more aware of the real life in how it is out there , so all the parents out there should not lie to there kids about the sex life .
So thats what my person input is on the situation .
I wish this would change sooner or later before the world becomes a big mess .