Books have been apart of every single person's life as soon as they learn to read .
First our parents read us books to get us to go to sleep .
Then our teachers read us books to teach us things or to keep us preoccupied .
Then , when we get a little older , we are assigned to read books for classes .
There is even reading in the workplace , whether it be reciepts or orders or recipes .
Readings is something that we can not get away from .
This leads me to say that authors write books for an audience and write the book as best they can to atrract the attention of the audience .
I do not believe that books , regardless if one person deems them offensive , should be removed from the shelf that they have been placed on .
I think that there are things we can do if we do not want to read that particular book .
There are also things parents can do to ensure that the books their children are reading are appropriate and not offensive .
Also there are advantages to reading books that @MONTH1 show something different that that person @MONTH1 have experienced before .
First , I feel that books should not be removed from libraries because some people think that they are offensive .
Everyone has an opinion and just because one person does not like the book , should not mean that the experience of reading that book should be taken away from someone else .
If you find a book to be offensive , you can simply stop reading the book .
Just because you do not enjoy it does not mean someone else will not also .
That is just apart of humans having their own opinions .
On a different note , I think that childrens ' books are a little bit different .
Parents have the right and responsibility to protect their children .
I believe that parents should take a proactive role in monitoring their children .
For young children , I think that parents should just read the book first and judge whether or not they think they 're child should read it .
Then for young adults , I think that parents could try to look up somethings about the book .
The internet is a great source for reviews and ratings of books .
Therefore , I believe that censorship for childrens ' books is a responsibilty of the parent .
Lastly , I think books that are different to everyone and can be interpreted differently .
When I read a book , think about the scheme , imagine the characters , and react to the events , I come up with my own opinion of the book .
My friend , who is also reading the same book , could form a completely different opinon of the book .
But we both gained something by reading the book .
In conclusion , I think that books should be censored by parents and that is it .
I think that reading books is a very positive thing .
So no one should have the right to tell people what they should and should not read .
Also , books are things that can be discussed and everyone can make their own opinions about .
It is my opinion that every book should have its own place on a shelf .