When have you ever went into a library and found a book that is so offensive that you complain or try to get that certain book off the shelf ?
Have you ever read a book half way through and questioned why you are reading it ?
Why would you read a book that you know you 're not going to like ?
If someone has the right and the authority to take books off the shelf that bothers them , then I have the exact same right as them .
I thought everyone was treated by equal rights .
When i ever do read I always read the back of the book or whats called the summary of the story so I can see if I 'm going to like it or not .
If I know a book is going to offend me or a magazine or even a movie , most likely I 'm not going to even bother giving my attention to them .
Obviously the author doesnt like censorship or she wouldnt be arguing about it .
It's obviously something that bothers her and everyone is intitiled to their own beliefs and disbeliefs .
I respect people that stand up for themselves and find the hardest ways out of hard prediciments .
I can say I always go to libraries and read books because I 'm not a reader .
But i can tell you if I ever did go to a library and i found a book on the shelf that offends me its probably going to offend someone else .
So why would they even try to bother getting away with being offensive to people .
Everyone is intitled to their own opinion .
But i think if it's going to offend someone in praticular it's probably going to bother someone else .
I 'm not saying everyone is alike but most people believe in things that other people believe in .
People can hav the same agreements and disagreements .
I do have to agree with @PERSON1 because she is right .
You would be amazed on the amount and different things people can get offended by .
I have tons of experiences of movies , books , music , and magazines that have offended me .
But I didnt let it pull me down or anything .
For example I stopped watching the movie , and I stopped reading the book that bothered me .
You can't wear your emotions on your shoulders but you can stand up for your rights and tell people what you believe .
@CAPS1't ever tell anyone that you can't believe in your opinions .
If certain things offend you , @CAPS1't let them bother you just stop doing what your doing and move on to something else .
Like I said I have had alot of experiences of offensive things I have read and watched .
Like awhile back I watched a movie that had a black man in it and he was locked in prison and killed in prison for being accused of something he didn't do .
It was just because the time era and it was also because he was black .
Thats the kind of stuff that really upsets me .
Because we are all the same .
We @MONTH1 look different and see things different .
But our bodies function the same and we all breathe the same air .
I have always gone by the saying , ' @CAPS1't ever judge a book by it's cover until you read it . '
So whatever people @MONTH1 think I believe in one thing and it's to let people believe in things they want to believe in .
@CAPS1't ever tell someone how to think , act , or feel .
I agree with Katherine Paterson .