Certain people beleive that offensive books , magazines , or music should be taken off of the shelves of libraries .
I think that offensive books and music and media should not be taken off of the shelves .
It is a persons own right to see certain things that are offensive if they choose to do so .
It is also not another persons right to decide what other people can and can not observe .
If certain offensive things were taken off of the shelves of libraries such as music , books etc .
the knowledge of people would be limited to only what the library or the government would want them to know and that is not right .
It is someones personal decision wether or not they look at listen to or read offensive things .
People shouldn't be sheltered by society and only know what is wanted for them to know .
If libraries eliminated offensive media then people would be able to form their own oppinions and ideas .
In some cases reading and knowing certain things that are offensive to some people should be known to the world .
One case is how people should know about the holocaust in the @DATE1 .
Im shure reading about the holocaust is very affensive to copius amounts of people , but even though this history is disturbing and offensive people should know about it so that history does not repeat itself .
The government and society does not have the right to decide what people take in .
For example what if all of a certain type of music was eliminated from libraries , the internet , and tv ; it would slowly dissolve out of existence .
Certain things like reading about the times before racial equality , and such things as slavery are very offensive for people to read about .
But these things must be read and heard and passed down through history so it isn't forgotten .
The knowledge of offensive things should not be taken away from people by the libraries .
Yes offensive things shouldnt be celebrated or looked upon as good but people should know .
People in the world cant just know the good things or only what their society wants them to know , they also have to know about the bad things and offensive things that happen and have happened as well .