Katherine Paterson said ' If I have the right to remove that book from the shelf , then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else . '
In this quote I think she was trying to get across that if someone picks up a book or a magazine and reads it and then puts it back and maybe its not the best book ever to them and they @MONTH1 find it offensive , but someone else comes along and wants to read it and they @MONTH1 not find it offensive , then you have two different view points on a book that @MONTH1 be offensive to one person , but to another it @MONTH1 not be .
Different view points really effect how to censor books , because of how people are so different , there difference on how they feel about a book could effect what should happen to that book .
I dont believe that books , movies , music , magazines , and other materials such as those should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive to someone .
If they are found offensive to a bunch of different people then yes they should be removed , but if its only bothering one or two people but there are other people that agree that its not offensive , then dont get rid of it just because of a couple people .
Take a vote maybe to see how many people agree and dissagree on keeping or getting rid of it then decide whether or not you should keep or get rid of it off of that vote .
I think it would be more fair and satisfactory to take a vote on whether or not it is fair to keep or remove it .
If someone has a memory about something they read or remember an experience from it and then someone else reads it and feels offened by something its not fair to the other person to get rid of it .
Its especially not fair to the person with the memories and experiences .
So dont remove books just because a couple people might find it offensive , take a vote to decide .
Let more than just a few people deciede on behalf of the book .
More than just a few people can make an impact on just one book , and you never know what differnt views you @MONTH1 find from different people on just one book .
People need to be able to discuss their veiws on the book and then bedate on whether or not to keep it , so dont choose to get rid of them without several view points on the book .