Cencorship in books is one of the main concerns in @LOCATION1 .
If it was up to me to remove a book from a shelf , I would not do it , to my personal opinion , I think that we as @CAPS1's should just read over the probloms and quit complaining about it .
Yes , we do have some books that people seem to not like , such as 'The @CAPS2 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' , but the only reason that it has been pulled off the shelfs of librarys and schools is because it uses the word 'nigger ' , and I find it to be kind of idiodic , that people would over react to that word when themselves were not even around to know the real meaning of .
Cencorship in music .
This is another big concern for people in @LOCATION1 .
The lyrics used in most songs I find to be 'disturbing ' or are trying to get people and young kids to comite acts of crime and other illigal acts .
Music such as rap and the lyrics used in rap are whats making kids do stupid stuff , the music talks about sex , drug usage , and murder .
I don't think that I would go as far as to pull it off the shelf , but I would make the sellers put them in a 'can only perchas if @NUM1 ' section .
Most of the crime we have today people blame on music .
To my observation about these subjects are that I have seen people read a book that uses profound language in it and be ok with it , they don't over react to it so therfor it shouldn't be removed from shelfs .
To my observation about the rap music , sure , in a way it should be pulled off the shelfs and never be sold again , but , I have seen people who listen to it and never smoke , never kill , and never harms another person .
To my own experience I listen to some of these gore obbsessed bands and read profound languaged books and got over it , these thing should be overlooked and forgotten .
This is just a common scence thing but , there are a lot of things that should be pulled off shelfs , I would , and it has to do with movies and magazines .
Some movies have always been a problom to society , I have witnessed this that some movies show just a little bit to much nudeity in it , which I seem to think is not a good thing that our younger children should see , whether it's at the theater or on t.v .
this things should be pulled .
My observation about magazines it that I have personal her one of my best friends say that ' I want to look as skinny and this girl does on this magazine because I 'm to fat ' .
There are a lot of magaziens that should not be showed or read because it does say that skinny is better and so many girls and women are starving themselves to look like the person on the cover of a magazien , and it's rediculous to see that happen , If it was my choise , I would ban these matirals from useage or sight , mainly because this is all just one big peer presure conspericy .
I would not ban all of the things that I have put in this paper , just the things that I that personal find disturbing or not fot the publics eye's .