I believe that censorship should be allowed when it comes to certain things but I don't believe censorship belongs in public libraries .
Books are wrote to stimulate the imagination of a persons mind and if they can not read books that are the slightest offensive , then they will never know what it is like to open some of the greatest books ever wrote until that person has grown up .
And there are several studies that show that books stimulate the human mind and taking away these books would be a crushing blow to those statistics .
For example , a student has been assigned a report on a piece of classical literature .
So he/she goes to the public library to find a good book , but when that student gets the he/she finds out that all pieces of classical literature have been removed from the library due to being overly offensive .
What would that person do ?
Should he/she just give up because every single piece of classical literature has been taken out of every library in the country , I say no !
This is a problem because almost every great book ever wrote has at least a few parts where it is slightly offensive to that certain reader .
From personal experience I can back this statement up with books I have read going through my school career .
For example , when I was in the @NUM1 grade was assigned a book report over @PERSON1 , so I went to our library in the school to look for this book and it was nowhere to be found .
I asked the librarian where this book was and she said that it had been removed due to being offensive to the black population for having the word negro inprinted on its pages .
So I asked her if I could go tot the public library to get the book and she said that it had been removed from its shelves as well .
I did not know what to do , I was completely clueless and I had no book to write my report over .
So eventually the teacher had to change the report topic because not on student was able to find @PERSON1 .
But if the state had not allowed these books to be taken off of the shelves then we would not have had this problem .
Another example was when my friend @PERSON2 wanted to learn about his culture and where his ancestors came from .
But when he got to the library he could not find any books over the arabic world .
So he asked the librarian 'where are all the books covering @LOCATION3 , @LOCATION2 , and @LOCATION1 ? '
And the librarian said that they were all removed because after @NUM2 @CAPS1 saw arabs as very offensive people and that no books were left unchecked .
I 'm sure that he found this comment to be very offensive but there was nothing that he could do about it because the white people found arabs to be offensive and unequal to the white race .
These are only a few things that have already happened becaue of people finding certain books to be offensive , which is why I believe that the government should leave all the books on the shelves and let the people decide to pick up that book or pass it by .
Sure people have a freedom of speech but it should not effect what books belong on the shelf .
Which is why I believe that censorship should not be allowed to effect libraries of the public .