Books that are found offensive should not be taken off of library shelves .
Books tell stories fiction or non-fiction .
Many books that @MONTH1 be found offensive are historical .
These books could include topics such as wars , eras , people , ect .
Everyone has the same rights to read any book they want .
They also have the right to not read the book at all .
Books that are taken off the shelves of a library because of one person , or a group of people , being offended henders the ability of someone who wants to read the book , to read the book .
We , as people , should not be able to take this right away from other people .
They should be able to read anything they want .
If someone wants to read a biography or history about @CAPS1 , they should be able to .
The topic of @CAPS1 and the @ORGANIZATION1 @MONTH1 be found to be offensive because of what they stand for .
If we look at the topic as purely a historical reference not as a story to be read for enjoyment there will never be any offence in these books .
These stories have a large role in history .
If we do not learn from their mistakes , history @MONTH1 repeat itself .
History is around to be studied , even if the topics might be offensive to some people .
Political correctness can not always be followed when writing a story .
Such as in To @CAPS3 a @CAPS4 .
This book has many issues when it comes to political correctness .
These issues include ; the killing of an innicent man and revealing the flaws in our judicial system , the use of the word 'nigger ' to describe the black characters , and the racial unequality of the @LOCATION1 duringthe @DATE1's .
These issues would deffinately be offensive to some readers , but this book is an award winner and uses history as a guide .
The situations in this novel are ones that could be real .
They are things we must learn about , so we do not repeat them .
Another story that fits quite well into this topic is @CAPS5 @NUM1 .
This novel is about a world where all books are burnt .
No books are allowed to be read by the people .
This book reveals the removal of offensive books to its exteme .
No matter who you are or what you believe , there will be some topics that you find offensive .
If we remove every book that someone finds offensive we will have no books on the shelves of any library .
A library is not a library wihout its books .
If we allow books to begin to be removed from the shelves , we will not be able to stop it .
One day we will end up like the world in @CAPS5 @NUM1 .
No history will be know but what is passed down .
No more stories will be here to entertain us , but the ones memorized .
No books will exzist and this world would be terrible without books .
Books that are found to be offensive should not be taken off of library shelves .
The taking away of these books takes away the freedom to read anything you want .
It reduces the chances we have to learn and to flourish .
Political correctness should not take the place of our own freedom , and as long as we keep our books on their shelves , it won't n't