I believe that libraries should have more cencorship .
Some books , magazines , and movies should be removed or grouped by age .
From my own experiences of reading or seeing people read these books , I believe they should be removed because they influence violence , sexual activity , and drug use .
Young children should not be exposed to those things yet .
First , I think books that contain violence should be removed .
I believe that children are the easiest people to influence .
I also believe that violence is the worst thing to be influenced by .
Violence in books can influence killing .
Fighting and killing is not good .
No young child should be able to check out about full of shooting and fighting .
The book will make the kids think thats the right thing to do if they are able to check it out .
Being influenced by violence will make you commit crimes .
Reading a book is not worth going to jail for .
Next , I believe that all sexual activity material should be removed from libraries .
Sexual activity should not be exposed to children until it is time for them to start learning about it .
For example , a young girl reading about teen pregnacy not being a problem .
The reader will think that is what she is suppsed to do which is wrong .
Books and magazines containing sexually explicit words should not be able to be viewed by young children .
Those thing @MONTH1 influence kids to do things they should not even be thinking about doing .
You can atleast sort them all in an adult section .
Finally , drug use should not be issued in books to kids .
children should not read or watch anything that are talking about drugs in a positive way .
Unless it is about saying no to drugs and not using them , children should not read them at all .
Drugs make people do things that their right mind don't want them to do .
Children should say no to drugs and to books that are influencing the opposite .
In coclusion , that is why I believe that we need censorship in our libraries .
we need censorship because of viloence and drug use .
Also becuse of sexual activity and many more things