Have you ever found or seen books , music , movies , or magazines in a library that are offensive to you ?
If so , then would you have wanted to remove it off of the shelf so none of your children or anyone else that might have found it offensive , to see it ?
Well , I have actually gone to the library and seen some things that was offensive to me , and I have also heard my family members talking about it .
So I am going to talk about what I have heard about my family seeing or finding books , music , movies , and magazines offensive .
Also , I am going to explain how I felt and what i wanted to do when i seen those things in a library that was offensive to me .
The last thing that I am going to talk about is how I feel on censorship in libraries .
First , I have been hearing from my sisters , my mother , and my step-mother about how they find some books , music , movies , and magazines at a library that was offensive to them .
Now I do not know exactly what the books , magazines , etc.
, was that they found offensive but I do know what they thought about them and what they wanted to do .
So one day , my sisters , mother , and step-mother was talking about a couple of books that she found offensive .
They never said what the books were but they kept talking about how they felt and what they would have liked to do with them .
Now she told my family and I that she was badly offended by what they were called and what they were about .
Also she was saying that she would have really liked to have taken the books , music , movies , etc.
, off of the shelves , so other people that might have found them offensive would not see them .
But , they all did also agree on the fact that they really do not have the right to remove them from the shelves .
Their reason why they do not have that right is because of there are a lot of people who they do not know if they find it offensive or not .
The people who do not find it offensive might actually want to read them .
So , they just agreed to look past them and ignore what is there if it offends them for the people who do not find them offensive .
Now , from my point of view from finding or seeing books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, in a library that are or was offensive to me .
There have been a couple of times where I have walked in a library where I found a couple of books that was offensive towards me .
I really did not like what the books were all about and called , and I really would have liked to take them off the shelves and throw them away so no other person who might have found them offensive would find them or see them .
So what if there are other people who would have actually wanted to read those books ?
That was what I thought about when I was tempted to actually remove them .
So I decided not to remove the books from the shelves , so the people who did not find them offensive could read them , if they wanted to .
I respected the fact that there are other people that are out there that would want to read those books but at the same time , I knew that there are people who could find them offensive but I just thought that they would just ignore the fact that they are there .
So , on to the last thing that I am going to talk about .
Do I believe that certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves , at a library , if they are found offensive ?
Also my views on censorship in libraries .
Well I do believe that they should be removed so they wpuld not be offending anyone that walked into that library .
But , if people had the right to remove books or anything that is offensive towards them , then there would literally be no books left in the libraries .
Then there would not be any point in having libraries or in anyone writing books .
So then again , I do not believe that any person should have a right to just remove the books that are offensive to them at all .
I belive that if they find a book that is offensive to them , then they should just ignore that it is there and respect that there are a lot of people out there who would want to or like to read those books .
So I do not believe that there should be any censorship in libraries at all .
It is not anyones fault that people find books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, offensive to them .
So no , there should absolutely not be any censorship in a library .
So there , I have just explained my views on censroship in libraries and if I believe that people should have the right to remove books from a shelf just cause they found it offensive .
Like I have stated before , there should not be any censorship in libraries at all .
But yes , I do understand that people find things that are offensive , but they should just ignore that they are there and respect that there are people who want to or would like to read those books .
Once again , do you believe that people should have the right to remove a book from a shelf just cause they found it offensive , and what are your views on censorship in libraries ?