If I could remove anything from shelves of libraries I wouldn't .
Would you rather your kids to learn things from the facts or learn from friends ?
Censoring books , magazines , movies , etc and what goes onto the shelves are mostly for enjoyment or informational .
Granted you wouldn't want a five-year old reading a book made for adults , but with age kids would have to learn things .
You can't always control what children read unless you plan on going with them everywhere including college and on into their adult life .
Books provide facts and more reliable information than what you can hear from people .
If all the books on the shelves relating to drugs or alcohol were pulled off , how would someone write a report on those things .
The books were created to provide people , kids especially , with facts that no one else could share and it could help with expanding their vocabulary and knowledge .
If someone were to find a book or a @CAPS1 offensive , they don't have to look at it or even pick it up .
Libraries can't always suit everyone's tastes and something you @MONTH1 find offensive isn't to others .
Takign a single book from the shelves would result in others taking books off the shelves and then no books would be left for anyone to read or wish to take off the shelves .
If you controlled what everyone read , no one would be happy and their brain wouldn't function correctly .
You 'd be taking one of their rights , one of the only things entitled to them without someone else telling them they can't .
What kids read is shaping their minds for their future .
If you removed their favorite series or genre from the shelves , they wouldn't read or listen to music or anything anymore because it isn't enjoyable .
Kids get into reading when they can enjoy what they read or listen to .
So with that , I wouldn't take anything off the shelves because everything appeals to someone in one way or another .
Controlling what one person reads doesn't lead you nor the other person anywhere , someone could end up being offended if you take something you find offensive off the shelves , and you can't stop the knowledge that books can provide people if they read them .
In one way or another something provides information for people .