You got ta admit , although you would like your kids to have freedom , @CAPS3 all of them are responsible enough to handle @CAPS1 .
You could blabber in their ear all day about ' @CAPS1's responsible to do this and @CAPS3 do this . '
and they will go out and do @CAPS1 anyways .
Trust me , I 'm a teenager .
I know .
So there are certin things that you have to take away from them in order to keep them from getting distracted on what @CAPS2 matters in their teenage years .
And that is schoolwork .
If school systems allowed there to be offensive or innapropriate materials on their shelves , I just know kids would find themselves to be ... well ... 'distracted ' .
And when I say innapropriate , I don't only mean on sexual terms , I mean for school .
You would like to think that they would possibly save @CAPS1 for when they checked out and went home and did their work first but , like I stated before , kids are going to do what they want .
And what they want to do is @PERCENT1 of the time @CAPS3 schoolwork .
They would rather just sit down , crack open a magazine , and let their eyes glaze over at the sights of celebrities and new scandals .
School work is a very important thing in teenagers lives , and I feel that when they are in school they should stay focused on schoolwork and activities .
If they wanted to have free time to go and read magazines , they should do @CAPS1 at home .
Offensive books should @CAPS3 be there to only distract the teenager from school .
@CAPS1's unneccesary .
But with public libraries , @CAPS1's a whole new story .
I beleive that nothing should be censored from a public library because people go their on their own free will .
I know I personaly go there for research and for the sheer joy of reading , as do many other people .
@CAPS1's your choice if you are responsible enough to keep focused on work or get distracted because @CAPS3 only do teenagers go there , but adults do too .
@CAPS1 is unacceptable for there to be only educational books because who knows what your there for ?
The library is for people to go and read , whether @CAPS1's just for the heck of @CAPS1 or for school .
@CAPS3 everyone is responsible .
Especially @CAPS3 teenagers .
So that's why I personally beleive offensive or innapropriate materials should @CAPS3 be allowed in school libraries , but allwowed in public libraries .
Although equal rights and freedom in necessary , schoolwork is too important to let kids get distracted from @CAPS1 .
@CAPS1 is the key to their future