Censorship .
It's a word that everyone has heard , but do people truly know what it means or how it effects them ?
In the past , books have been censured by rulers and leaders who thought that the material was harmful .
How could they say that they knew what was best for their people ?
What gave them the right to decide what their people could or could not read ?
In today's society , we still have to deal with censorship issues .
There are still people who believe that libraries need to censor their books .
Censorship is wrong .
Books , magazines , movies , music , etc .
should not be removed from the shelves just because certain people find them offensive .
Everyone has different tastes , not only in food , but in every other part of their lives as well .
No one person has the right to say that one genre is better than another .
Censorship is wrong because it limits what people can read , watch , and listen to .
Censorship should not be allowed because it limits what people can read .
Some people like mysteries , while others like to read romantic books .
If we allow people to censor what we read , then how can we say that their is a book for everyone to like ?
If libraries censored every book that might offend someone else , then there would not be any books left for anyone to read .
For example , certain religious books might offend people of other religions , but that does not mean that we should take them off the shelves .
If we did that , we would have to take away all religious books so that no one was offended .
Then no one would be able to find books about their religion , and no one would benefit .
Similarly , censorship limits what people can watch .
If we removed every movie that had even one tiny part that offended someone else , there would be no more movies left in the world .
Every movie is going to have something that someone will love and someone will hate .
If we only focus on the person who hates it and get rid of movies based on the people who hate them , then the people who love the movies will suffer for it .
People who love horror movies probably hate comedies .
This does not mean that we need to get rid of comedies just because that there are some people who dislike them .
It only means that the people who don't like that type of movie don't have to watch them .
In the exact same way , censorship keeps people from enjoying the type of music that they love .
We can't censor music because everyone has different types and genres that they like .
If we take away one kind of music , then we have to take away every kind of music .
It is not fair to say that we can censor one genre of music because some people dislike it or find it offensive when there are people who truly enjoy listening to that type of music .
It would be unfair to those people , and if we are unfair to them , we have to be unfair to everybody .
People would be even more offended than before in that case .
There will always be unhappy people in the world .
We should not result to censoring books , movies , and music in libraries and other places just to try make people happy .
Censorship in libraries limits what people can enjoy .
It makes the the people who would like the items that have been censored mad .
We should not result to that .
We should allow people to pick what they like .
If a person want to read something they should be allowed .
If they want to watch a certain movie or listen to a certain song , then why not let them ?
The slim margin of people who dislike what those people enjoy can just avoid reading , watching , or listening to it .
We can't take something away from the people who love it just because someone is unhappy .