I believe that some materials are offensive to some people , but that shouldn't give them a right to want to take it off the shelves .
No , I do not agree with taking them off the shelves because people could easily over look them and not read them .
Some people @MONTH1 think they are offensive but they should know that they are not directed twards them .
Magazines are different because they have peoples faces on the front cover which is uncalled for .
Some of those people have a family , and doesn't want them to see their face on the front cover of a magazine .
Katherine Paterson's quote is about wanting to remove books from the shelves so that childern won't be tempted to read them .
If this is the case I think that its not the right thing to do .
Some of those books people are taking off the shelves could be the book someone can use to relate to or even learn from .
Weather or not you want your children to read them or not they could still find them and ask why they have never seen it before and parents wouldn't know what to say .
Libraries are a resource to people that want to read and learn about new things .
If you took a book off of a shelf , that could be the book someone really needs .
Don't be that person to take away from a child's learning .
You never know who is going to look for what your have taken away .
And if you take it away they @MONTH1 never find it .
Some people believe that reading something can be an influence to the way they act , but you can not blame that on reading .
That's like saying that your favorite color is lime green because thats @PERSON2's favorite color .
Its not true and it sure isn't right .
What would you do if your parents hid a book or something else from you ?
You would be mad at them and wonder why .
It would make you anxious to read it .
If they didn't hide it and you found it maybe you wouldn't want to read it because your parents would have let you see it and you wouldn't be interested .
You have your own choice when it comes to what your children read , watch , and listen to .
Just don't shut them out of what you read because you were offended .
Think about it , the music , movie , or book your hiding from them could be the answer to a lot of things .
It could help them figure out the path they want to take , or maybe the path they don't want to take .
Either way it would help them be a success in their life .
So why not take the risk ?
It could even help you .