Censorship in the world we live in today is a very interesting concept .
With the advent of social media , we now have thriving communities of people that want their voice to be heard , and people are listening .
We now are able to tap into the huge ammount of knowledge from people all around the world , allowing us to see what is really happening in the countries like @LOCATION2 , where media is considered treason .
What do we do now that governments are starting to censor the internet ?
Lets start by looking an arguement that has been long talked about : library censorship .
Today , it is almost a requirement for cities to have public libraries to be considered as real cities .
Public libaries , and the funding they require , are not anywhere within the @ORGANIZATION1 .
Even so , they have taken a place in our neighborhoods that has made them indefinate sources of knowledge and culture .
One public library @MONTH1 be a source of ; historical town records , children's books , novels , research papers , non-fiction books , fiction books , magazines , and many other types of entertainment and knowledge .
Public libraries are , even with the widespread usage of the internet , important places for us , as residents of a city , to socialize and learn .
Libraries today @MONTH1 carry books that were in the past on the 'banned books ' list , but that does not mean books are not being banned from libraries .
Libaries are generally family institutions , and as being funded by the public , required to adhear by the moral and ethical standards of those who live in the area .
This means that there is not one , 'national banned books list ' , but there many discrepencies througout @LOCATION1 in banning books .
As culture moves more and more into more and more questionable materials , libaries are faced with a tough decision ; keep up with the times and have more questionable and controversial reading material , or get lost in the past and try to kling onto the senior generation to stay alive .
Bringing new literary materials into the library that is fresh and new means that more people will return to the library again , be it young-adults or older adults trying to get in touch with the current world .
One major controversy of books in public libaries are the inclusion of sexual intimacy .
As a new generation sprouts , fed with music lyrics by such names as ; ' @ORGANIZATION2 ' , or ' @ORGANIZATION3 ' , we enter a new age where younger and younger kids are learning about sex .
The authors of today have recognised this and have started to include references to sexual intimacy , but not detailed encoutners .
I believe this is fine , because as we move on in generations we are going to find out that education about sex ; safe sex , birth control , @CAPS1 prevention and testing , is much more important than trying to keep children ignorant .
Keeping these young adults involved in books and trying to continue their learning outside of school is a much larger issue we should be trying to tackle instead of trying to create silly arguments against new reading material in a public libary .
Public libaries are the centerpiece for learning outside of school in many communities , small and large .
Knowing this , how could anyone truly believe that it would be smart to stop including new books that would entice new patrons ?
Even as a commercial buisness , this would make no sense , simply turning people away because you have a single view of what the future is and you refuse to listen to anyone else's opinion of the future .
So why is there a question on including new knowledge ?
Isn't it obivous that we , as a nation , should show the world that we aren't living in the past .
That we are indeed the future of the world , and that our young-adults will recieve the best education in the world by not only learning in schools , but by being the most active readers , and by extension , learners in the world .