Libraries are a place that provides people of all ages the oppurtunity to read any book , watch any movie , or listen to any music all for free and for a certain period of time .
When people grow up , they tend to start reading , watching , and listening to material that they would never let their children listen to .
Since books are read privately and movies and music are played publicly , books should not be taken from the shelves and only very bad movies and music should leave the library .
Books have always been a way for people to get away from their life and into their own story world .
Normally when people read a book , they don't read it in a group unless they are in a reading group discussing certain books .
If someone wanted to read a book that was innappropriate for their children , let them do it ; it's not hurting the children that they have been reading innappropriate topics , it will only hurt them if that child finds the book that should have been hidden in a better place .
For example , @PERSON1 read the book 'The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' , which had some innappropriate content for a child in there , but not so bad that it would be heinous .
@PERSON1 will read the book in her own mind while finding it in the adult section of the library far from children ; this scenario is how it should be .
Although , if a library is putting adult books near children's books , they need to redesign to keep kids from accidentally walking into the adult section .
Books can be kept from kids if hidden well enough , but movies and music can not be hidden in the same manner .
Movies and music are a great way to kick back and relax after a long day , unless your kids are around .
Keeping kids out of the room is a near impossible task , whether it is actually watching the movie or hearing the movie through his bedroom wall .
Music can of course be listened to through headphones , but what happens when you leave a @CAPS3 is left in the car and a child is sent in that car to wait for his parents to get in ?
The parents might tell their child to start the car for them and the music will be playing away .
The movies and music were from the library , a place where the child thinks that there would never be something such disgraceful material as what their parents are watching and listening to , ruining their good thoughts of the library .
Libraries need to either get rid of all nasty content pertaining to movies and music or if their main business is that and can't seem to give it up , just put the content as far away as possible from the children .
As said above , libraries need to remove all content that has potential to be exposed to children and destroy their innocent minds .
Libraries are a place where kids can have fun picking out whatever book they wish to read , not a place where parents can pick up items that might spoil that child's brain