Whispers and comments fill the room while people make their way throughout the library .
The critialzing of books and materials that are neatly stacked in the shelves , are taken and miss treated from the harsh people that think they are offensive .
In my point of view , I strongly agree that there is no right to argue about what should or should not be removed in the libraries .
The reflecting of my own views along with the libraries , shows intertest in the materials for people all over the world .
The reason that I , myself , do not believe in this situation is how it mentioned in Katherine Paterson's passage .
It explained , 'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 everybody around has a unique part about themselves , and that is having a different look on something than someone else might have .
This leads into taking a material or book they see , the wrong way and being offensive about it .
However , there might be someone else that does not view that same exact book is wrong , but instead , see's something else that could lead to be offensive to them as well .
To make this observation not as confusing , I will share my own experience that might help focuse more on my argument .
There is a time when I went to the library and saw books and especially magazines throughout , that had an impact on colored people .
It described how it would be like , if there was still slavery and that if everybody wasn't taught or treated equal amongst everyone else .
In this situation , it could go both ways on how colored people tend to look and feel about this .
Maybe the people are relieved and interested , knowing they are free now .
On the other hand however , many colored people might get in an awkward position , having no passion of bringing the equiality up in the present world , or even the future .
Many might want to forget about what happened , instead of books and magazines still publishing articles and stories about it .
Again , this argument might go both ways , meaning one less book would be off the shelf , or many would be newly stacked aside from the others .
When people think of materials , they most likly think of something that symbolizes an event , time period , or a symbol itself .
This could also have an impact on the censorship in libraries .
The way people want to take roll in the things they are part of , might actually be found in the library .
However , someone that thinks there is no right for it to be shown , will remove the material .
This tends to make the people that thought it was right , not find the interest they wanted to recieve .
Another arugment people might have is that libraries are a public place , right ?
Well this should cut back or maybe even add more pull into what they can or can not share within their readings , materials , and movies .
People might think that they have a right to argue or take the offensive actions out .
Not so quick though as people can prove that they can put anything back as well .
Well , instead of picking and choosing , I think everything should be left alone and people should only go to the section of interest they are looking for and leave the other materials out of their view .
My experience and observations about this argument has covered why I , and all of you , should reflect on the views of censorship the approperiate way in libraries .
Not saying this will control all the problems , but it will help from removing all of materials that could have a big roll in future process of taching children , teachers , and of course , each and everyone