I believe that libraries should provide any kind of book , magazine , music , and movies to the public , despite if they are found offensive .
First , to support my position , we need to take into consideration that every person is different , and therefore reads and prefers different types of books and magazines .
The same thing applies for watching movies and listening to music .
Second , what @MONTH1 seem 'offensive ' to one person @MONTH1 be perfectly fine for another , so the term 'offensive ' is ambiguous in this case .
There is no need for an angry public or strikes .
Finally , I believe that the people have a free choice when choosing the types of books and magazines to be read , the types of movies to be watched , and the types of music to be listened to .
After all , it is for their own benefit , entertainment , and learning .
So , libraries should not have anything offensive removed from thier shelves that are found offensive .
First , we need to take into consideration that every person is different , and therefore prefers different types of materials provided by a library .
For example , one person @MONTH1 like to read philosophical books , and the other @MONTH1 like to read romance comedy books .
If the philosophical books were to be taken off the shelves by the library officials , then the person who likes philosophy will not have anything to read .
Yes , there are magazines available and movies to watch about philosophy , but they are experienced and learned differently than reading @ORGANIZATION2's book , or @ORGANIZATION3's @CAPS1 .
I had an experience similar to this with my friend .
She preferred horror movies , and I historical .
The horror movie she was looking for was not in the library , and later it turned out that the library did not have any kind of horror movie because they weren't popular in that city .
My friend was not happy .
The library had historical movies , but I ended up watching that by myself .
So , libraries should not have to take away any sort of material that might be offensive to the public .
Second , the term 'offensive ' in this case is ambiguous , meaning that it has multiple meanings .
What @MONTH1 seem 'offensive ' to one person @MONTH1 not seem offensive to another .
An example : a @CAPS2 @CAPS3 magazine cover @MONTH1 be offensive to a child because of the picture and 'adult ' words for the child .
However , that same cover @MONTH1 be interesting to a young adult because he @MONTH1 be into surfing , suntanning , or @CAPS2 .
Offensive is only used in the first part , but not in the second , and the same material was used .
So , should that magazine be removed ?
I don't think so .
The solution is for the child to look at @CAPS4 Magazines , @ORGANIZATION1 , or @CAPS5 magazines .
The library should provide a section for @ORGANIZATION1 so that they can read appropriate material .
Finally , I believe that the peole have a free choice when choosing the books to read , the type of movies to watch , and the types of music to listen to .
They should be allowed to do this because of their differences and their definition of 'offensive ' .
People should not be forced to read the same type of book , to watch the same type of movies , or to listen to the same type of music .
They should have a choice of choosing the materials provided by the library which corresponds to their personalities .
After all , the materials they see , read , or listen to is for their own benefit , their own learning , and for their own entertainment .
The main goal is for them to be happy with what the library has to offer .
In conclusion , I belive that libraries should not take off any material from their shelves that are found offensive .
This is due to the different people , the ambiguous term for 'offensive ' , the for the sake of human flourishment .
Libraries are for studying , learning , and entertainment in a quiet , peaceful place .
They should not discourage people to discontinue learning about the world because that would lead to a bigger and more serious worldwide problem : the lack of education .