'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our chilren or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf .
'
Katherine Paterson believes that if she can take a book off the shelf that she doesn't like anyone can .
That should be the right way , but I don't agree .
I don't think people should be able to take a book off the shelf just because they find it offensive .
If one person finds a work to be vulgar and believes it shuld be removed from the library , then what stops another person from removing a book that they dislike ?
If heavy censorship is allowed in libraries , then libraries will become diminished resources , only containing a few documents .
Still , censoring age specific materials is necessary in libraries .
Allowing a child to read or watch a movie or book that is inapropriate , is an inexscusable action .
Censoring books for children does not mean removal of said book though .
Removing a book from the shelf of a library is just as wrong as allowing a child to read a book that is too mature for his or her age .
Katherine Paterson stated , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none osf our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But ... then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
They don't have to take the book .
I don't believe there should be censorship in libraries .
If people find a book offensive they don't have to look at it or check it out .
Other people might enjoy that book .
For example , if someone doesn't like your outfit you're probably not going to go and burn it or throw it away because that is just that one persons opinion .
That is how it goes with movies , books , music , and magazines .
Everyone likes something different so their should be different books .
When you don't like a book I beleive the only time it would be right for you to take that book off the shelf would be if it was in your house .
Then you can take that book off the shelf and throw it away or whatever you want to do with that book .
If you had the whole town vote to get rid of a book and ninety-five percent voted to get rid of that book then I think it would be okay .
You can't just think about yourself when it comes to public things , you need to think about the whole community .
I read an article about banning ' @PERSON2 ' from schools , I didn't think that would be a good idea .
' @PERSON2 ' was one of the top picked books by high school students .
If parents didn't like their kids reading it they should have just told them not to read it .
I don't think it's right for parents to just go in the school and say they didn't like that book and take it off the shelf .
It's not fair to other readers who enjoy reading ' @PERSON2 @PERSON2 ' .
Choosing what book to read is your opinion so you don't have to read a book you dislike .
People like all different books so it's not fair for them to not able to read the book they like just because other people don't like the book .
What If someone didn't like a book that you loved ?
Would they just be able to take it off the shelf ?
The censorship of books in a library should not lead to removing books that have shaped our society and ideas , even if it is ostensibly to protect children .
A balance must be found between censorship and reasonable removal of books , due to one's beliefs .
Doing so will not only help libraries but also society .
There are many different opinions in modern society and due to the differences in beliefs and ideas , at times people will disagree .
With the internet , people disagree all the time actually .
Yet it is important that people agree on allowing each other to have a choice , unless that choice is not the choice that I wanted you to make in which case you should not be able to choose .
An important choice that many people make on a daily basis is what to read .
Libraries allow for people to make their choices and help to expand one's knowledge in the process .
Literature , whether it is found in a library or at one's home should never be cast out due to someone else's opinion .
Censoring of libraries should be considered , but not at the expense of knowledge .
Libraries should not be censored .