Why is censorship important in libraries ?
Why should we care if there is censorship at all ?
I am here to tell you today my views and opinions on cenership at the library .
When you walk into a library I assume you would expect a public area where you can read books and check them out , but what happends when you browse through these books and you find something offensive ?
How do you act , and what should you do ?
In my opinion censorship is alright but only used when needed .
Censorship protects childeren and young adults from viewing things that are adult eyes only such as horror books , offensive music , and in most cases pornography .
Censorship in the library is an important role because anyone can go into a library and pick up any book , but when you have and adults only section for books , movies , music etc .
it stops alot of people to having to worry about there kids seeing bad things .
For instance , if tweleve year old @PERSON1 goes into a library and finds a video game with large amounts of violence in it he can check it out and play the game without his parents knowledge of the incident .
With censorship we eliminate such problems .
Now like I stated before censorship is ok when needed , because censorship can get carried away as well .
In reality , its the parents fault of why there kids do things also like letting there kids listen to music with heavy swearing or full access to a personal computer .
Things like that are creating problems for parents as well as people around them .
When I say censorship is ok when needed I mean people censor important information on the account of a event that has happend in the past .
Another example , if your in ninth grade and you enter a library for a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 movie but its to graphic the student is stranded for a source and must gain access to a computer .
Now that you have my opinions and beleifs you can get a better understanding of what I mean .
Censorship is a good thing but it can also be a bad one as well .
I think that if censorship is controlled correctly it can become a powerful tool in any library , school , and even home .
Censorship is at times out of control but maintained we can use it for many things and have a great community as well as country .
In essence , Censorship is ok to and extent and you should beleive this as well just because if you think long enough you too can see what I see .