Censorship in libraries in my view isn't a good idea .
Library now days have alot of offensive language in there books so if someone were to take all of the book like that out of the library then library wouldn't even have that many books in it .
Music is the same way all music now days might have some offensve words in them thats just something people now days have to get over .
I think library censorship is not a good idea .
Some parent might not like the idea of there librarys haveing offensive language in the books , music , movies , and magazines .
If the parent don't want there children to not read those book then they need to chose there childrens book , but I think takeing all the offensive book of the shelves isn't very smart .
Some people enjoy reading and listening to that kind of music .
Some of the best books , and music now days have bad stuff in then like drugs , language , sex , gangs and much more but sometimes books like that can teach you a lesson on how to avoid that going down the road .
So if you take those books off the shelves and werent able to listen to that music maybe your child could do some of those things .
They really wouldnt know the side effects and bad thing that could come out of those things .
Some of the top music and books have offensive materials in then and why would you not let your kid read them because of a couple choice word in them.I know some of this material could be bad for people but sometimes it can teach you a huge lesson in your life .
If there are book you dont want youself to read then don't read them .
I think it would be unfair to take everthing that have some bad language or maybe some racism away from us just because you don't think its good for your child to read .
Its not fair to people who @MONTH1 enjoy those books to not have the luxary to read those book anymore cause a few parent got mad about a book .
Some of the old books have alot of racism in them , and you actually @MONTH1 read some of them in a school for a class .
Those book @MONTH1 also have bad language in them to .
Take thing those books away from us @MONTH1 take away are education , and we won't be able to learn from those books like we should .
So i think that censorshipn in library is just a horrible idea .
It can take away from lesson we could learn and are education that we need to be successful in life