Censorship in libraries is a very contraversial .
Many people believe that it is the right thing to do while many others strongly disagree with it .
Censorship should not occur in libraries for several reasons .
All people have freedom of speech in the @LOCATION1 and when books are taken off the shelf because they are thought to be offensive you are taking away that right .
Authors have the right to express themselves and the right to have their works equally acknowledged by the public .
Censorship is acceptable in some circumstances but what is censored should not be decided by the government .
First of all , freedom of speech is very important to the people of the @LOCATION1 .
If this freedom were to be taken away , it would definitely not go unnoticed .
When books , music , movies , and magazines are censored , the freedom of speech that the author had is being diminished .
For example , what if an athiest wrote a book saying that @CAPS1 wasn't real ?
Many @CAPS2 would want to take this book off the shelves of all libraries .
Just because one group of people do not like the topic , message , or theme of a book does not mean that it should be taken out of a library .
A library is a place where all books have a chance to be read not a place where people get to pick and choose what they want there because of their beliefs .
Secondly , authors have the right to express their thoughts and to have their works equally acknowleged by the public .
Of course there will be books that are more popular than others , but at the same time there will also be books that are neglected not because the quality of the writing but because of the topic the author chose to right about .
There is no reason to have a whole community ignore an authors work just because a large group of people do not agree with what it says .
In that small group of people that were not trying to get rid of that book you will find a number of people that would read the book .
Just because a majority does not like the topic of the work does not mean that the minority should have the book taken away from them .
The author has the right to what they wrote and should have the opportunity to have their work acknowledged .
Last of all , censorship can also be a good thing in some circumstances .
It just depends in what ways censoring is used .
For example , many parents do not want their children reading , listening or watching certain things .
The parents of the child should be able to decide what a kid can read , listen , or watch , not a large group of people .
Many parents have different standards and what some parents find acceptable for their children @MONTH1 appall others .
So , there could never be a set standard for what is acceptable and not acceptable without creating a large amount of contraversy .
Once that child becomes and adult they have all the rights to decide what they want to get from a library .
There should be certain limits though .
For example , a person must be the age of seventeen or older to rent a ' @CAPS3 ' rated movie .
This is the same age a person must be to get into a ' @CAPS3 ' rated movie without parental supervision .
Some of the age limits throughout society should be put in libraries , but other than that , the decisions should be left up to the person .
Censorship in libraries will always be changing .
Sometimes it will be in effect while at other times it will not .
People of the @LOCATION1 have the freedom of speech and taking away books from libraries is partially taking away that right .
The author should have the right to have their book equally acknowledged by the public and kept on the shelves .
Censorship should be decided by the person themselves and should not have it decided for them .
Parents should have the say over what their children read and should not have that decision made by others