Have you ever been looking for a book only to find it band from all local stores ?
Well I haven't had the misfortune of being in that situation , but I could only imagine the sheer distress of wanting but not finding that controversial book .
I personally think that a young adult should be able to read any book or news article that they wish to .
The fact that a book is found offensive of offputing to most is no reason to completely ban the book from store and library shelves alike , because if there is @CAPS5 one person that could educationaly benefit from reading this book then they should at least have a chance to obtain that information .
One of the most impotant things to remember while considering this topic is that no matter what the source is or what it conveys there will always be someone that feels the book is just to graphic of hits to close to home for them to stand .
In other cases however , there are books that are not proper for younger children or the faint of heart , such as the book series 'The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' in which people are thrown into an arena and forced to fight each other for their very lives .
Most people who are above the age of twelve can handle almost all of the 'offensive sources ' that are atainable by the public , but there are some cases that @CAPS5 adults can not handle such as the famous book that @PERSON1 wrote in incarseration called ' @CAPS3 @CAPS4 . '
@CAPS5 in those extreme cases most adults can the read .
Now that my argument has been said and you know my point of view is that it veries from person to person whether they can handle a book I ask you if feel the same way that I do .
My main reason for this conclusion is that if someone thinks a book is too offensive they should simply avoid this book .
We do live in @LOCATION1 the land of the free , I think we can a little controversy over a book or magazine .
I do hope that in the future we as a nation can overcome these small setbacks that are caused by an over reaction to something offensive .
I believe that we will see a day that no book will be band from the shelves , so that our children @MONTH1 gain the knoledge that is contained by thoes fragile pages of paper