I can think of several books that , I would not want a child of mine to pick up and read .
I as soon as I seen what I was going to be writing about this one flashed in my head like lighting .
The book that @CAPS1 choosing is called ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 . '
The book ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ' is about a young girl that grew up without a father .
Her mother never wanted to talk about him because , she knew that this way only going to make matters worse .
The young girl grew up with the dream of being daddy's little girl.That's all she wanted out of life .
She sit and thought is that just a little to much to ask for .
After a few years , had passed by she had finally got the nerve to go on a hunt for father .
She went by herself , leaving her mother behind.Her mother always pumped in the head that her father was up to no good .
That she would be better off without him there .
But , she went on the hunt of her father by faith in the lord .
After saying many prayers to the lord , she finally thought that.She just @MONTH1 knew what this hunt was going to take .
So she went to her @CAPS9 , hoping that she @MONTH1 just have the anwsers .
That she needed to solve her heartace and pain .
That she could just walk @CAPS4 knowing that somewhere out there in the world that her father would be waiting for her .
It's was just before the sun was beginning to sit , when she noticed a little old southern bell .
Sitting out on the front porch in a wooden rocking chair .
She went up to her @CAPS9 and kissed her on the forehead , with tears filled in her eyes.Her @CAPS9 said 'now dear why must you be crying . '
@CAPS8 , with the lump in the throat she asked 'do you know where I @MONTH1 find my father ? '
@CAPS9 answered with yes !
Dear , @CAPS2's laying down in his bed .
That's when her face began to glow .
She went in the old cottage to find her father lying on the bed writing her .
She was nervous but with the help of her @CAPS9 she sit and talked with her father.Her father told her that her had wrote her a letter everyday.That's @NUM1 letters a year .
She told her father that I 've never recieved a letter from you in my entire life span .
That's when it clicked to her that @MONTH1 be why her mother never let her check the mail .
After @NUM2 years had passed by she finally found her father .
Truth was that her father @CAPS3 out of his daughters life because , the mother didn't want him to be a part of her life .
She did whatever it took to keep them apart , even if that meant going aganist law orders .
Father explained that her mother needed her there to look after her because , her was into some heavy drugs at the time .
Back then there was nothing @CAPS2 could do to take his daughter @CAPS4 from her mother .
The reason I choose this book was because , when I was young my father did the same to me .
@CAPS2 left me and I 've never had the chance to get to know my family .
The pain of growing up without either mom nor dad is tuff .
You cry many tears and try to patch up the holes in you heart .
Sometime's the bleed still seemeds to find it's way through .
After reading the book I always wondered why they called her she .
They called her she because , she took the blame for her father walking out of her life .
Many children are growing up without mom or dad .
There's a higher percentange of single parent family's now days than before.Just like in the book most kids take the blame for a parnet not being there .
If I could take that book off the shelf , then I would because , no child needs to be reminded of the pain they went through.Would you do the same if you were looking out for your child ?
All these children want is to know there loved and that someone cares about them.If your going to have these types of books then there needs to be a form for the parnets to fill out giving permission .
If they are over age then that's total fine .
They 're at the age where they should be able to handle it , than going through these feeling alone