Why Censorship @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ?
In our everyday lives , we come across many things that can be taken to offense .
Some of these things we might not even realize , but they 're out there .
Everybody doesn't want there children getting into the wrong things early on , but we know it will eventually happen .
We just have to teach our kids what @CAPS1 good and what @CAPS1 @CAPS2 .
This goes for literary items too .
We need to have faith in our kids that they will do what @CAPS1 right .
I think that when old enough , they should be able to read books and listen to music that might be offensive .
I think we shouldn't get rid of all the offensive material at the libraries .
Now days , there @CAPS1 a lot of hard work that goes into music , movies , and books .
If we start getting rid of all the offensive material , many people will be offended that in itself .
The people that worked on the movie or wrote that book put a lot of time and effort into the piece .
They spent countless of hours working with others just to get the piece into publication , or trying to get somone to film their movie idea .
I think that it would be wrong to outrule peices of great literature because behind every one of them , there @CAPS1 a person that put a lot of effort into that material .
In every book you pick up today , you could look through it and find a offensive language or offensive gestures in it .
The @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS1 a very detailed book and has many great facts in it , but many people find it offensive because it says @PERSON2 had a wife and had children .
This book isn't telling you what to believe or what actually happened , it @CAPS1 just a story full of conspiracy theories .
You can still believe what you want and read this book .
A movie that could be considered offensive just by the title @CAPS1 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 Can't @CAPS8 .
Many people hear this title and @MONTH1 not want to watch it , thinking that it will discriminant against @CAPS6 people , but instead it @CAPS1 a very good movie about a group of people that play basketball .
Many things have offensive language but that doesn't mean we can't act like adults , read these books , and realize that they are just stories .
They are not telling you what to believe and what not to believe .
In our country today , we have many different ethnic groups , and many people think differently about things .
In our society we are given the right to have our own opinion about things , and we are able to like what ever we want .
Even though literary might be offensive , some people like reading books like this .
If I look in the library , I could find a book with offensive material , but the book could still be a very good book .
Even though it @CAPS1 disrcimanting against me , I could still love the book .
There @CAPS1 always controversy in our society , and almost everyone loves it .
Why get rid of these books when people are still enjoying them everyday .
Like Katherine Paterson said , if she has the right to take a book off of the shelf , then so does everyone else .
If we let everybody take books off the shelves , then there will be none left .
We can not control everything that people do .
Taking offensive books out of the library will not stop people from reading them , but this will decline the library usage , and people will slowly stop reading .
If they don't like the books at the library , then they won't have problem with not reading at all .
I think that censorship in our libraries would be a @CAPS2 idea , and I think we should definitely not take out all the offensive material in the libraries