Books , books , and more books .
There are so many of these spine bound papers , filled with everything from basic @CAPS1 about life , all the way to stories that capture the minds of faithful readers and take them to far off distant worlds .
If we were to take all the books in the world and line them up in a perfect row , we would be able to create a bridge of knowledge and iformation far enough to stretch around the moon twice and back .
The problem is , that with all of this @CAPS1 and knowledge , there are young minds that are not yet ready to soak it all up .
There is no such thing as bad @CAPS1 .
There is only people who are not yet ready for the @CAPS1 they are about to obtain .
So should these materials that open up doors to new minds sets , and feelings such as books , music , magazines , and movies be censored ?
That answer is yes .
First off , there is a certain degree of modesty and curiousity that needs to be kept in children .
Children need to have a hunger for knowledge to become great learners , and intellegent minds .
If the @CAPS1 given to them does not come in the chronological order of importance in which it needs to , this will poison there minds and twist them in to something they were not yet ready to become .
Secondly , @CAPS1 presented to kids to early can harm them physicaly .
Children are born with the instict to repete what they observe .
This is a primal instict that humans will forever have , and is essential for living life .
So take movies for example .
If a child watches movies that involve sexual themes , and actions , this can be very harmful to them physicaly .
If a child experiences these things to soon , they will want to simply repete what they saw .
Then what is next ?
The answer to that question is easy .
There will be more teen mothers than there are needed .
Lastly , premature @CAPS1 can harm mentaly .
Take music for example .
Music is an even larger gateway to mental damage then movies are .
This is simply a result of bad censorship .
Many think that music is not as bad as movies because you can not see anything visually , but they are wrong .
Music is even worse because children can picture what ever they want to based on what is being said in the lyrics .
There needs to be tougher ristrictions on music .
Restrictions such as age for purchase should be raised , That is about the only way that explicit content can be blocked .
In conclusion , there should be better censorship restrictions on certain materials .
But I do not beleive that the materials that @MONTH1 be harmful or offensive should be remove as whole .
Simply because adults do have the right to view these materials .
Libraries around the world need to better there restrictions , even laws to stop poisoning the minds of our young .
We people as a whole need to come together to make this happen .
After all , the children are the future of our world