I strongly believe that books with offensive things should be pulled out the library .
It not okay for you too say one thing and something your child found in the library say it okay .
what if you were talking to your kids about not smoke and how it bad for them and could potentially kill them , would you like you child to say that i can smoke because all this character in the book are smoking ?
No that not right it just pure wrong .
They shouldn't allow those kinds of books , music , movies , or magazine in the library .
In high school we were told by our parents that we should not smoke do drugs or anything like that .
Sometimes it might be hard to believe the things your parents talked to you about and how harmful they are to you and your body and would lead you to a trouble life down the road .
Movie we watch today talk about doing drugs and how cool they are and how they had fun driving a stolen car .
it wrong to talk about them that way because it get teens to think it okay for them to do it and nothing bad is going to happen .
The media does a bad job of showing teens it not right to do the things they see on tv .
The library set a bad example by allowing those kinds of books to sit on the shelves and think it okay for people to read them and not take it offensive .
I was reading a book that was talking about how they think it okay to act rascist aganist other people and say mean thing and call them bad name .
I really took that offensive because i wouldnt like someone calling me name and saying bad things about me because they think it okay to say things like that and act that way .
If books say all those things and the readers actually believe them , then we might have a problem in our hands because some people would take offensive to it and cause a big issue over a small book and some readers might think its okay and cause even a big issue between people who take it offensive and people who dont take it offensive .
There are those people out there who think that it okay for those kind of books to be in the library and other people who think it wrong and offensive .
My personal view is that i think it wrong to have those kind of books at the library .
We tell people how it wrong to do bad things and how we hate certain things that are offensive to us , but it say that in the book that it alright for those thing to be happening or it right to use those foul language .
I just think it personal wrong to say those kind of things in movies .
music , books , or magazines are okay to be in the library yet alone in the people it self .