Censorship is a big controversy in modern society due to the fact of so many opinions being conveyed through all the new medias in the modern world .
When a person has a veiw they tend to want to share it with the world or defend it againts those who opose their opinion .
Some people do not always like what is being said or take offense in the way it is presented , thus causing the government , or any authority , to remove or replace these words , photos , lyrics , or film from a select public , such as children , or the entire public .
This is censorship and it has caused many debates over what is acceptable in society's media .
I believe censorship is wrong .
It violates the @CAPS1 peoples ' rights of free speach .
When a person has an opinion , they have the right to voice it anyway they want .
The authorities should not be involved in what someone writes , sings , creates , etc.
, in anyway .
Censorship takes away from the integrity and purity of a human's thoughts .
Who is to say what can and can't be said ?
Do we just let the government tell us what we can say and what is illegal ?
Do we stop expressing ourselves in the way we desire because it is not appropriate ?
No .
We , as the people , must be free to say what we want in our stories and songs , along with movies and other media .
If a person does not like what they see then they can turn away or they have the right to speak out against it in their own way ; but they do not have the right to opress .
They should write back , convey their message and try to win support , not control .
Censorship is not good for any society .
People want to say whatever they want and they have the right to .
Censorship is not a solution to discrimation or anger , it is only a fuel .
If parents do not like something and do not want their children to experience it then do not take it from them , then they should tell them how it is 'wrong ' and give them their opinion and reasons so the child @MONTH1 descide what they believe in on their own .
An opinion is every human being's right and it belongs to them , not the authorities .