Have you ever walked into the library hoping to find a good book , and picked up a very volgar and inapropriate article ?
Were you dissapointed to see what children could easily get a hold of , or did you just place it back onto the shelf just simple thinking it wasn't your style of book ?
In this essay I would like to discuss both views on these censored books , and why I believe they should be censored .
People all over the world are vastly different .
From color , race , size , shape , and personality there is not a single person on the planet who is excatly like the other , so why would they all have the same interest in reading or music ?
Some @MONTH1 enjoy a romantic novel that makes your heart skip beats while @CAPS1 my prefer the thrill of a horror story .
Either way everyone has their own opinion of what makes a great book .
The same thing accures in the question , whether or not censored items should be allowed into a public library .
Many @MONTH1 say yes , people have their right to choose what they @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not observe or listen to , 'If you don't like the style in which the item is protrayed then don't pick it up . '
@CAPS1 @MONTH1 say no , 'The library is suppose to be a safe haven where they don't have to worry about children seeing and hearing things they shouldn't . '
In my personal opinion I believe the parent figure is right , although I also can understand the opposing opinion .
As to the opposing opinion , I can understand why you @MONTH1 think that censored items are ok in libraries .
If it is a personal choice of how the author writes the book and still makes a great story , I believe that the book is alright as long as it is not in reach of a child .
Many people have different ideas on what censored means and there could be the consequence of loosing many books but there are always consequence to every choice , good or bad .
In my personal experince , I have taken my ten year old sister to the library to barrow a movie and a few books .
She is very scholary and comprehinds things quickly .
Futhermore when she found a book that she thought @MONTH1 be interesting .
The book turned out to be full of curse words and profanity .
Think about it , what would you say to your child who just learned a few curse words from a place you expected to be a safe enviroment ?
To me it is rediculous to have to search every single book , cd , movie or magazine for profanity to make sure it is safe for my sister to read !
Kids these days have changed majorly in their attitudes , language , and responses to things and I believe a big part of why is because of what they take in through the worldly materials .
If the books and the music they read and listen to are offensive and rude then what else would they know other than to follow the lines of something more 'cool ' than them .
Therefore I believe that there should not be censored books in a library , and parents should have the right to ask for them to be removed .
When I sit back and realize what I would want my kids to be reading and listening to I wonder why people would even chance the fact that their child could be negativly influenced by it .
Why tempt them to be someone that reflects profanity and offensiveness when they could be so much more ?
Parents should do everything they can to make their kids the best person they can be and I believe that they have a right to protect their children from not reaching their full potential .
Therefore in the end books should be censored !