Do you believe that certain materials in the library should be removed off the shelf if found offensive ?
I believe certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should not be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .
Some of my reasoning is very logical and if you were a reader I 'm sure you want to read something thats true and very interesting .
Libraries all consist of books from everything you can think of .
Libraries are really for learning and not to offense anybody in any manner .
The reason why I believe they should not be removed because everybody is equal and not everybody likes to read the same books .
There should be offensive books because I think that theres just to many kids that would not like to grab a book and it be orginal and not offensive about them in some way .
Books are created to read and have interest , laughter , enjoying .
From some of the students at my school I spoke with said that when they are really having a bad day they turn on their music and it helps them because it makes them feel alot better and the day gets easier for them .
They say they dont have to be depressed or thinking about something that made them mad that day .
Well as in from my experience with books I can tell you somethings and sometimes that when I was feeling down how I grabed a book .
The first time I realized books are really helpful and I 'm also talkling about magazines , music and movies .
Well to be honest I 'm not a big reader .
I enjoy listening to music because sometimes songs can relate to you and make you fell that your not alone .
Also it helps you learn how to cope with some things that you could of never coped with before because it makes you feel relaxed .
Just how some of my friends said that they feel relaxed when they read a book .
So my point is that you know and I know that their are music out there that is very offensive and some books that are .
Does it drive us crazy that they do ?
No it does not because it actually helps us .
It helps us by showing us away out from our daily streesful lifes and sometimes you learn in books and songs of how other people deal with their stress .
So you learn alot of things than feel offensive about books or music .
As you can tell I 'm a huge music fan and there has been lots of songs that were offensive but it did not bug me much .
I hope I gave you some kind of shock that music and books should'nt be removed if offensive .
It's just music is amazing as well for books we all need our space sometimes and those two things are just there for us which is either to help us learn or feel relaxed and calm .
Thank you for reading this and I hope I persuaded you enough with my reasoning .
Remember music and books are alot alot of fun and if you never gave it a chance , you should try it sometime .
That's the end of my conclusion