No , I don't think books are offensive in librarys .
Movies are a different kind of story if you child is under the age of eighteen they should not be renting a rated @CAPS1 movie , unless their parent approves of it .
This is one reason why our public library should not have rated @CAPS1 movies .
While i was in our public library one afternoon I was looking at the movie selection , i was tring to decide which movie to chose .
There was a little boy , at the age of nine or ten it looked liked to me , but he had two movies in his hand .
They looked really good it was an action type movie , so i asked the boy if i could see the movie really fast .
He asid yes , so i grabbed it from him and looked at the rating because from the title picture it looked gory .
I noticed it was a rated @CAPS1 movie , and i told the boy did u know this is a rated @CAPS1 movie and he said yes , I was surprised his parents would let him watch movies like that , if i was his age i would never been able to .
My second reason why our public library should get rid of any kind of swimsuit magazines like @CAPS5 and/or @CAPS6 magazines .
I was looking at the magazine rack one day and noticed magazines like @CAPS5 , swimsuit magazines and many more .
Do you think your children should not have seen any kind of magazines like that in our libray for the public to see .
If a little girl went to the magazine rack and saw that magazine , she would either want to look at it or act like she not even noticed it .
At her age she wants someone to look up to and if she sees a model on or in the magazine she would want to possibly look like her , so this is how eatting disorders start .
This is the reason why library's should get rid of any kind of magazines under that catagory .
These are the reason why I think our local library should get rid of rated @CAPS1 movies and/or Magazines like @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 .
If you agree with me contact your libray and tell them what i have told you today .
@MONTH1 we put a stop to censorship in our librarys .