There is a type of boundary that @MONTH1 restrict readers from gathering knowledge about certain things in books .
This is called censorship .
However @CAPS3 you @MONTH1 not have known is that it is thought about in every school and every public library .
@CAPS3 would you do if you saw your child reading a book that contained frightening descriptions that are to horrrific or to adult like for their own good ?
This is the question that plauges them every year with new shipments of books .
Although yes that seems terrifying it is not right to take books off the shelf for a few reasons ; The congressional law allowing us to have freedom of press , freedom of thought , and the fact children must take in all the knowledge they can to be the best they can achieve .
First of the arguements that can be held is the freedom of press .
This law was enacted in the @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 and is still in effect today .
If an individual wanted to write a book that was not for children then he or she @MONTH1 do so without penalizations .
Children @MONTH1 read it yes , but that shouldn't be blamed on the author .
If so then that person would never get any royalties for their story and no money to support themselves .
It's hard to get upset with your children for learning something wrong , but it's not right to blame the writer .
When it comes to the arugements of @CAPS3 to do on censorship the freedom of thought pops into most minds .
This is another law that says citizens are allowed to think @CAPS3 they will of anything .
Just as the freedom of press an indiviudal can pick up that book for adults and read it .
No matter the age they are .
If they are discouraged by it then by all means let them put it down , however , if they enjoy the read and the more unique wording than in childrens novels let them continue learning .
A child can absorb many things and recall them at times where adults sometimes can not remember .
This is not scientificly proven but when you are around children constantly you notice this .
Just as a babies mind is a sponge it still continues to gather all of the information it possibly can during its pre-teen years .
When they are allowed to read any book and not sit infront of a television screen all day they learn more .
Now someone can come along and say : ' @CAPS3 if the book is a fantasy ? '
.
It's no different .
The storyline is not @CAPS3 teaches them , it is the words and how they are used that is knowledge .
An educated man can sometimes get tounge-tied with words where as if someone who did not do well in school or college read quite a bit they are able to use words with great ease .
It is not allways the case , but wouldn't you like your own child to sound intelligent while speaking during important events ?
All in all it seems to be a great waste when censoring books for the public .
There can be great things in those books that not everybody can reap .
Pulling them off the shelf could mean that you impede someones ability to learn a new word or gramatical law .
If one parent could pull a book off a shelf then another could do it and soon you would not have any books .
It would be a scary day if that happened .
For it would not be something that went well in our history .
Since humankind has had writing we became more intelligent , taking books off all of the shelves would revert us to primitive beings .
So keep the books on the shelves even if children should not read them .
Not just because they can learn far greater with a book as a resource , but that the two congressional laws say it should be