The contents of the books in libraries vary in many way .
Some are children's books , some are adult books , and some are in between .
Libraries have books that spark interest in a reader .
Not all books are made for a particular age group or gender .
Which that should not mean that a library should be picked apart because of the contents of the novel , magazines , music , or movies .
A library is suppose to be for anyone that enjoys to read a variety of materials , not just a select few because some people don't like the text or the meanings behind that book , song , or movie .
In the library , in our little town , splits up the variations of the reading materials , music , and movies .
There is a children's section , that has all the books we all grew up with , in half the building .
Also an audult section for larger novels topics that teens and younger children would have no interest in or their parents would want them reading .
Another great thing is that they have books for people in between , like myself , with teen books that spark our interest .
With the ideas that people are writing about today we can not possible control what comes to their mind .
Some of the greatest books that are out are probably have the deepest meanings that some audiences don't prefere to listen to .
But that is what is so great is that people have the liberty to go and find a book , or a magazine , or even @CAPS1 that they like.When freedom of what you read is taken away reader will stop reading .
Doesn't the admisistrations of schools want kids to read to get their test scores up ?
If you take away what they like to read doesn't that mean they will stop reading ?
Also doesn't that mean the test scores will go down ?
In my experience of topics that I have read about have been more grown up than my mother would like , but the fact of it is , is that people will read what they want .
People don't like to be told no in my personal experience .
Taking away topics that are well liked even with words or contents of what they are reading is not fair to the readers .
I believe that they should not censor books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
because that would mean the libraries would be gone