If something offensive is found at the library , should it be taken off of the shelves ?
Some people might look at this question and instantly say yes .
Others might not think anything of the item and move along .
I disagree with those who believe the item should be remove .
Instead , I believe the item should not be removed and stay on the shelves .
As a child , I have always gone to the child's section of the library to find a book .
I steared clear of the 'grown-up ' area .
So if my mother found an offensive item on the shelves she would make sure I didn't see it .
I believe if the parent watches what their child sees then they wouldn't worry about them seeing something offensive .
However , let's say that an adult sees this item and feels it should be removed .
She/he has the right to remove that item but what if , to someone else , that item was exactly what they were looking for ?
The world we live in has many offensive things in it that we see everyday , such as newspapers , @CAPS1 programs , billboards , etc.
, and if someone were to come along and take it all away , we would have nothing left but that one persons interests .
This is why we have a little bit of everything in our libraries .
If there is an offensive book or a bad @CAPS2 and someone doesn't like it and feels the need to remove it , that is @CAPS3 but then they aren't thinking of what other people might like .
I have always heard the saying , 'If everybody liked the same thing , it would be a boring world . '
I find this to be completely true .
If everybody liked the same thing , then let anybody that enters the library remove an offensive item .
However , if this happens , authors won't want to keep writing books and singers won't want their @CAPS4 there if they find out someone keeps removing their work .
On the same note , people won't want to go to the library if they know they won't find what they want because someone took it down .
I disagree with the ones who feel the item should be removed because to someone that book might be perfect .
I believe that the book or magazine or @CAPS2 should stay on the shelf for someone who has the intent to read it .
If a person walks by and feels the book is offensive , they need realize that to someone else it might not be and walk away .
I am sure people would find my choice of books offensive or bad and would like to remove them from shelves .
However , I would stop going to the library if that happened .
This is why I feel books should stay where there are