If any book , music , movies , magazines , etc .
should be offensive to anybody don't even bother to look at the material .
Even if you might find it interesting , in then end you find out that it is offensive to you then just take it the other direction .
No material of books , music , movies , or magazines should be removed from the materials because authors , directors , and music writers have made it their creation .
Nobody has the same views as everybody else , each person is different in their own way .
Then why is it so bad when they have offended you if it wasn't intentional ?
Each individual has their own opinion of each material .
It might be offensive to somebody else , but to another person it might not even effect their views about what they 've read , seen , or heard .
Others @MONTH1 have to realize that even if its written down it is not directed towards the person reading it , if they have tooken it the wrong way .
Even if your just making an observation just walk away and do not let it get the best of you .
Don't let anybody tell you different of your own opinion .
The cenorship in libraries are not made just for you , they are made for everbody around you .
If you do not like a book in the library or even think it is inapropriate then just walk away and put it down .
Anything in the library shouldn't be removed , just because you didn't like it doesn't mean that somebody else will find it interesting .
If you find any material offensive then maybe you should think in your head of ways to make an argument to prove the authors that they are wrong .
You just have to be strong and take anything that comes your way , and you have to be ready for it .
I go to the library once in a while , and most of the time i 'm just looking around for something to read and I find something interesting and I pick it up .
Once I start reading it , and if I feel the type of material is directed towards me and I find it offensive I just leave it along and put it down .
I don't take it the wrong way because I know it isn't a serious type of matter , because it didn't have my name in the book .
So , why should I get worked up about it if it isn't about me ?
I don't take any type of material that I 'm looking at in any negative way because I know that someone else's opinion and not my own .
If anybody takes it the wrong way then they should look at other things about the topic and put your own opinion on the topic .
Anybody should know that your own opinion matters than anything else or anybody else .
The littlest things shouldn't get to anybody , especially if it doesn't matter .
It doesn't change how you feel about the topic .
The way you feel about it should not affect the way other people feel see it