Library @CAPS1 : @CAPS2 or bad ?
It is a very rare occasion that i go to the library , i 'm a typical guy , i like sports , video games , and hanging with my friends .
When im not in school i try to stay away from everything that reminds me of it , like libraries .
Those very rare occasions when i do go to the library , for a summer reading book for school , i usually browse around to see what they have on the shelves .
Some of the stuff i see at libraries catches my eye , and not because it looks like a @CAPS2 book , but because it's shocking to see what they allow to be even put on the shelves .
On the book shelves that i have walked by i have seen romance novels and they arent as bad as i would have thought , at first they catch my eye with the titles because they are usually kind of out of the ordinary .
I feel that these books aren't innapropriate for young adults , but younger kids and pre teens should'nt be reading them .
So as long as there is seperation between the kids section and adult section then i think it is completely okay to have romance novels and any other graphic novels up on the shelves because they are types if literature .
Now magazines on the other hand can be taken either way .
Gossip magaziines can be entertaining , but they can also be highly offensive .
The problem with magazines alot of the writing is people's opinions and they could be talking in a very negative wasy about some people or some things .
I think its up to the library to make a decision on that but if someone complains about it i think the library should be kind enough to take it off of the shelf .
They are also magazines that show off models in swimsuits and clothes , and i feel that if the guys or girls are nude at all in the magazine they should either be in a back room and have people request to see them or they shouldn't be in the library at all .
I 've seen parents walk into a library and their son asked them why that magazine had a half naked lady on it and i just felt like it was highly irresponsible for the library to just leave these magazines out for kids to see them and then bug there parents all day about what they saw at the library .
Music and movies are not that hard to control from them getting into the wrong hands .
Now a days @CAPS3 cases for music have stickers on them that say parental advisory , so i feel that the library should be able to have any types of music on the shelves because music now has warnings on the cases .
Movies are the same way , they have ratings .
If the librarian see's a @NUM1 year old kid trying to check out a rated @CAPS4 movie then she should be fired , because there is cleary no reason why she would do that .
Excuses cant come into play here because if you look at the rating and then you look at the person you can usually see if the movie is appropriate for them or not .
Now @CAPS5 movies should not be in libraries at all , libraries are supposed to be a place to get something nice to read or listen to .
Pornography in a library is like haveing strippers in school , it is just not ethical .
In conclusion i feel that cencorship in libraries is a @CAPS2 thing to have .
If libraries organize things well and make sure kids aren't in ares that they shouldn't be then everything should be fine