The world today in the @LOCATION1 is hardly free .
Everything that we see , hear , and read is censored .
Is this good or bad ?
For the most part , it is good .
Adults , teenagers , and young children all should only be allowed access to certain types of movies , music , books , magazines , radio stations , and so on .
I don't believe they should be removed , but I do believe these materials should have limited access .
Some materials are kind of hard to keep from children and teenagers , but I believe what is kept from children is up to children's parents to say whether or not the children can watch , look at , or listen to what ever it @MONTH1 be that is concidered offensive to some people .
Some materials are and should continue to be censored , but to an extent .
If a person were to watch an @CAPS1- @CAPS2 movie or even unrated at a movie theater , that person would have to be @NUM1 years of age or older .
That is the law , and I believe this is a good thing .
Parents should , also , definitely be the one's to censor what children watch , see , hear , or read .
Children for the most part don't know any better .
Children are curious little beings .
If there is something that a parent has laying around the house that the child has never seen before that child will immediately wonder what this material is .
If it were a magazine , they might look at it .
I believe that there is a certain age to be allowed to look at these things , because there are a lot of materials in this world that are meant for adults only .
These materials have to be kept open to the public or else all the people who don't find these materials bad would be broke because people fight for what they believe in and that costs money , especially if the people want to take their opinion as to why they should be able to see or hear whatever they want to because they are an adult and they are mature enough to participate in these activities .
The people who fight for what they believe in would need a lawyer .
Lawyers have to be paid or else they will not work for you .
There are a lot of people around the world who know what they believe is good and bad .
It's all in how these people being are raised , and were raised as a child themselves .
If people believe something is bad , then they don't have to read , listen to , look at , or watch any of the things they find offensive .
These activities are only for the people who do not have a problem with seeing or hearing these materials , therefore these materials should be censored , but only to a certain extent .
If everything in this world that even one person found offensive were removed , then , what about all of the other people who do not find those materials offensive ?
What about the adults who find no harm in seeing or hearing these things ?
Not every person in this world has the same opinion .
In conclusion , not everything should be censored .
The materials children see and hear is up to parents .
People will fight for their freedom to see and hear what they want because people know what they want and will get it any way they have to .
This is @LOCATION2 , let's not be overly strict about things .