Censorship of @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us , ' is a quote from Author , Katherine Paterson .
She is saying that there are some books that most people would think to be a little graphic or shocking , but we can not take those books off the shelf because then eventually there would be no books left to read .
I agree with her in the sense that we can not take certain books off the shelves in our library .
We can not take them off the shelves because that would be taboo in many ways .
It would be stepping into hot water because the people would be violating the authors freedom of the press , who would decide what material was right and wrong , and how far is too far when it comes to censorship .
These are just a few of the many reasons this is wrong .
Taking certain books of shelves would be against our constitution .
The @CAPS3 @CAPS4 gives all @CAPS5 citizens the freedom of the press .
This means that they can write anything that they want without having to worry about the government's or the citizens ' opinions .
If we start taking certain books off shelves of libraries because they @MONTH1 include a few controversial things we are violating there natural right .
Which leads me to my next argument in if we do allow censorship , who should be in charge ?
So many people want to include their opinions on what is right and what is wrong .
So , who are we supposed to believe ?
On person @MONTH1 think somthing is out of line , but the person standing next to them would think it is ordinary .
That is what makes this country great .
We are a mixture of many different ideas that work together for a common goal .
If the government would assign someone to censoring books , magazines , or music , there would be a uproar .
How can one person say if something is wrong ?
And if someone was allowed to censor things , what would be included ?
How far is to far ?
This is a hard question to ask .
If we were to allow one person to judge things what should be included ?
Would the judgement stop at just books , movies , and music ?
Or would it expand to judgement of clothes and lifestyles ?
If we implement this system of censorship , our who lives would become one big judgement .
Self expression would go out the window because people would be scared of being deemed 'inapropriate . '
Our world would become a puzzle of trying to fit in and to not be noticed , rather than standing out and pushing the human race forward .
There are always going to be those people who disagree with things .
They find it out of place or offensive .
What we have to realize is that everyone views things in different ways .
We as people need to learn to accept something out of the ordinary , and try to understand where otheres are comming from .
If we can do that our world would be a much better place