A very wise man in @CAPS1 life once said , 'The only way to escape temptation , is to remove the temptation all together . '
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 , @PERSON2 , while growing up had poor influences all around him .
@CAPS4 went to a run-down school , lived in a crime torn neighborhood , had a drunk for a @CAPS2 , had no mother around to help him and had an older brother that often beat him and hurt him , emotionally and physically .
As @CAPS4 grew up there were temptations to do the wrong thing morally all around him .
@CAPS4 had no example of how to behave , yet @CAPS4 stayed away from @CAPS3 , tobacco , drugs , guns , prostitutes , violence and fighting , and even something as 'minor ' as pornography .
As I have been growing up with @CAPS1 @CAPS2 as a hard working individual and having @CAPS1 mother around to help me with school work and preparing for college , the truth shows how times have changed .
Just before I was born , @CAPS1 parents moved out of the old crime riden neighborhood and out of the city for that matter .
We moved to the suburbs where crime is more rare and mostly just misdimeaners .
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 told me one day , ' I 'm scared by how the times have changed .
When I was a kid , fowl language was un heard of in songs and music but now-a-days the songs seem to be about nothing but sex , drugs , killing people , and even about rape !
At this rate I 'm scared of the thought of what you 're kids are going to see , son . '
@CAPS4 had a valid point .
In our curent days the youth can go to even the public library and get books on illegal drugs and movies with sex scenes and music that talkes about killing law enforcement officers .
What has the world come to when a child of age eight @MONTH1 walk into a public library and check-out a book on cocaine ?
The worst part is that they can just read these books while browsing , they don't actually have to check the book out .
A quote from the author Katherine Paterson stated , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '
I believe that rather than hoping they don't pull the book off the shelf that we should just remove the book from the shelf and @CAPS5 have the book there at all .
Public libraries are marked as safe places for children and adults to go to if they feel thretened or endangered .
Well what if @CAPS1 @CAPS2 as a parent feels thretened by the fact that there are evils out in the world and they have become so accepted by todays society that they are even found in the public library ?
Then what ?
Public libraries and other public resourcess should be controled and monitored about what they allow into their doors .
A parent SHOULD @CAPS5 have to hope that his or her child doesn't pick up a book about an inapropriot topic while in public but should know that that is @CAPS5 the case .
Parents should be able to relax and rest asured that their child is safe from the filth of inmoral things