When I was in seventh grade I had a mission to read every @PERSON1 book I could get my hands on .
Some of the material in her books proved to be a little too racy for most middle schoolers and some parents had apparently deemed it inapparopriate and our school librarian had made the decision not to carry it in the school's library .
I was devastated , there would be no way my mother would agree to buy me all twenty some odd books that @PERSON1 had written and I didn't have enough money from my meager allowance and various lemonade stands to purchase them myself .
Back then , this censorship which banned my favorite books from ever showing their covers in our school's library , bothered me immensely .
I couldn't understand why some people's parents @MONTH1 view some of the subject matter in her books as too mature for our age group .
However , I am having a change of heart .
Now I can understand why our school's library @MONTH1 not be so fond of carrying books with racy aspects to them .
That is why I believe that in school libraries , some books should be censored or marked mature .
In public libraries though , these books should not be censored .
Books need to be censored in school libraries because some children @MONTH1 be too immature to handle the subject matter within the book's pages .
Most parents want their children to stay as innocent as possible for as long as possible and I can respect this idea .
Having advanced books would also make the school look bad as not all parents would be on board with the idea and some would complain about their children reading something which they didn't intend them to find out about for many years to come .
Not all censorship has to do with sex .
Another type of graphic novel which is often censored is the violent type .
The real-time war story which depicts the horrors of fighting for one's country and juxtaposes is with the thought that was is valiant and something to be applauded in the people back home .
Some of these stories can get very graphic as to convey the point that war is not all fine and dandy and all it seems cracked up to be .
These type of stories are important for our culture to prevent any misconceptions we @MONTH1 have or try to prevent them from a young age by shocking the reader .
War should not be perceived as something fun and exciting and young @CAPS1 should know that so when they reach the age of signing up for the military they don't go into it misguided .
In these instances , these violent stories are important for our youth to see and I think that they should not be censored in the library .
One @MONTH1 raise the question of these books possibly invoking violence .
I am not advocating that books with unecessary violence be put on the shelves .
I believe that the books with violence which helps to convey and important point which should not be missed should be displayed by school libraries .
Public libraries are a far different story .
They have different sections for children's literature and adult literature .
In school libraries the majority if not all of the library is devoted to children or teenagers .
While in the public library it is the exact opposite , ( unless the case in a children's public library ) .
Most public libraries carry mostly adult books and a small section of children's books .
In this type of setting it would be fine to allow any type of book in the adult section , marked mature .
The subject matter doesn't really matter but the point of public libraries is to educate our citizens and if what they want to read is violent or sexually explicit then so be it , as long as they are reading at all and using the government funded resources provided for them .
If the library was privately owned then the owner could decide to put whatever books they wanted into it and censor whatever books they wanted to .
The purpose of libraries is to educate the citizens of this country and try to better them and help them make clear informed decisions based on their prior knowledge .
If the books are censored then some messages might not get conveyed and misinformation @MONTH1 run adrift .
We must prevent this at any way possible