Books are books , and as well as magazines , music , movies , etc.
, therefore one purpose only right ?
To read them well thats what I thought .
Even though books , magazines and even some movies might offend some people , that doesn't mean they should be tooken off the shelf .
I think they shouldn't be tooken off the shelves .
Beacuse if someone just like you wrote it , someone like you will probably be even more willing to read it .
Though sometimes the books and magazines are inappropriate and @MONTH1 offend some people , doesn't mean they should remove them entirely because sometimes people need to read things there not completely comfortable with .
Because reading about things that you don't know about entirely sometimes helps you learn not to do those bad things .
It also helps prevent some kids to not smoke and do drugs if they hear or look at those things from experience .
Books and magazines that offend people are only telling them what they don't want to hear .
Even though you @MONTH1 not want to hear about it , drugs and sexual content are always going to be in the surroundings of our children to see or experience .
Putting a book or a magazine about drugs in libraries are not going to make kids or people try drugs .
Its the people that can't control themselves when they get around it or see it or even hear about it .
It's called self control and some people have it some people don't .
Reading a book about drugs will only prevent things like that from happening .
So I think libraries should just leave the books on the shelves .
If some people don't want to see it in their local libraries then they don't need to pick up the book , magazine or watch the movie .
These books and magazines and movies only help us become stronger people .
They also help us as a community to try and stay clean .
These books are very important to the community to read so they don't ever get the tendency of doing those bad things .
This is why I think books that offend some people should't be removed from the libraries .
The libraries itself just need to move the books and magazines to another section of the library if they don't want to see or accidentally read about something that could possibly offend them .
This could help the people avoid such things .
Libraries just need to keep the books and magazines and movies on the shelf .
Just as they are today in our local library