Typically when you walk in to a library there are books , magazines , movies , and cds everywhere .
Most of the items in the library are appropriate for children , but some are for adults and teenagers .
Many people struggle with the fact that there are items in the library that are offensive to religion , have offensive language in them , or contain adult materials .
In this country we have a freedom of speech and a freedom of religion which allows us to choose things that we feel are correct in certain situations such as this one .
True , there are books out there that are very offensive to certain types and religions of different people .
Have you ever seen or heard of a movie that was educational yet offensive ?
In my opinon people should have the right to censor what the library provides for their student or child , to a certain extent .
If a book or magazine or whatever it @MONTH1 be is offensive to someone , I believe that they should be able to choose if their student or child gets to look at that certain item .
People should not take this censorship ability out of hand .
I believe that our generation is much different from ones in the past because most of the things we have to deal with are things that are most likely offensive to a certain religion and or type of person .
Which in a sense is hurting the censorship of all the people who choose to take part in it .
I believe that a person or authority figure at the moment should be able to take a book off the shelf if and only if they request it to the library and they approve of it .
People have the right to do what they choose , but taking away other peoples chances to read a book , or check out a movie is going a little far with that censorship privalige .
I think that when a person feels that an item in the library is offensive they should have to sign a piece of paper stating why they think it should be taken out of the library and the people you believe it is offensive towards .
In doing so i believe that only that certain item should be taken away from that certain group of people .
All in all i believe that the censorship in libraries is a spectacular idea because of all the bad things in the world that come out in books , movies , and cds .
People have the right to change things if they believe they are wrong .
They should jump at the chance if it comes to a point where they can change things for the better !
Do you believe that censorship in libraries is a good idea ?
I do , because it gives people to oportunity to change and make things better for themselves if they believe something is offensive .