I think that censorship should not matter in a library due to the fact that some of those books , magazines , music , and movies , are liked by different people everywhere .
If you do not like something said or seen in some of the materials , then do not read or watch or listen to any of them .
People have different tastes in what they like to listen to or watch or read about .
Some people might like rap music but other might like rock music .
People that like rock music might not like rap because of some of the languauge used in songs .
This is why some people listen to other types of music and do not listen to the type of music that they find offensive .
I like rock and metal music just because rap is a little offensive .
I have had a lot of family members say that i shouldnt be listening to such music because of the language .
Some people say that reading certain things is a prefferance , but what if you are sitting in a doctors ' office and you would like to read a magazine that is just sitting around .
If you start going through the magazine and find something you do not like or take offense to , either keep flipping the pages or put the magazine down .
You have to think to yourself that there are other people that enjoy or are interested in something you might find offensive .
The best thing you can do is put it down and think to yourself that it is not directed towards you .
Magazines can have all sorts of stuff hidden beyond the pages , but sometimes you have to look at the cover to see what some of the things that are written in the magazine .
Sometimes this can help you decide on rather or not to read it .
Movies are always fun to watch no matter what occation .
Some people like certain movies such as action , comedy , romance , or drama .
Some people might not like action due to the fact that there is violence in almost all of those movies .
Some might not like comedy because of some of the rude humor .
There are just alot of types of movies out there and its not the producers fault that we do not like it .
People make different movies because everyone is not alike .
Some people might get offended by some of the contents of a movie and what you could do to help that is just by reading into the movies before seeing them .
I think that cencorship should not matter in a library due to the fact that some of those books , magazines , music , and movies , are liked by different people everywhere .