Censorship of books Should books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, be removed from shelves if they are found offensive ?
Yes because certain things need to be removed from the shelves for example many things that don't need to be seen out in public .
Personaly I think censoring certain things is alright because there are certain books that shouldn't be seen , music that has either swearing talking about drugs or other things , movies that kids shouldn't see like the rated ' @CAPS1 ' or ' @NUM1 ' that has either blood or nudity or somethen on that line , and magazines now magazines there are many types of magazines like for example adult , children , cooking , cleaning , house things , stuff for dogs or cats , and outside stuff .
But censoring things that could be 'offensive ' I can't understand how books can be offensive because some books are talking about history or something that has happen to them .
Like for example lets just say a colored kid comes in and reads a book on ' @CAPS2 slavery ' that kid right there is going to get offensive about it and then that kid is going to say 'You owe me something because my anscetores were slaves ' no your very wrong there kid because you either read the book wrong or you just didn't understand it .
I have done that a couple of times either I got offensive about it and started getting very angry about it or just tose it in the trash because I got mad because I got offensive about it .
Don't get me wrong I love reading but like I said before certain things are just ment to never be read or just never be found .
But as for me getting offensive about a couple of books , movies , music , or magazines @CAPS13 I don't read magazines so I can't get offensive about that but books , movies , and music I take very offesively because like if I read lets just say the ' @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ' and then I watch the movies @CAPS13 I take it offensively because nothing didn't tie in with the books or that person didn't direct it right .
For books like I said I love reading books don't get me wrong but I do take very offensively because like something the character did or something that I wished I shouldn't have done something like that or a character dies and it reminds me of a close friend of mine or a teacher something on that line I either cry or I just stop reading the book period .
Music now I could go all day on that because for example I used to love rap with a passion but now rap is just becoming horrible because the rapper is either talking about killing someone , drugs , or 'sex ' it's like I said 'horrible ' thats one thing that needs to go away for a long long time .
But there are many other types besides rap .
There is @CAPS5 , @CAPS6 , @CAPS7 @CAPS8 , punk , @CAPS1 & @CAPS10 , etc like I said I could go all day on music .
The people who are censoring things like t.v .
shows like for example @CAPS11 @CAPS12 seriously there is nothing wrong with that show some people are censoring that because adults think it is bad @CAPS13 people there is nothing bad with that show .
I have been watching it since I was five years old and there was nothing bad on it then , then why would there be something bad on it now .
All there is , is a grown man acting like a child it's like your going to tell your husband or your wife or your kids ' @CAPS13 @CAPS14 I 'm sorry but I have to censore you because your a bad person . '
I 'm not saying that I would censore it I 'm just saying maybe we as people should just take the time to look through some of these shows before censoring them .