I for one like books , movies , music , ect.
, without censoring .
Sheltering the younge is not too bright because they 'll get curious of things and sometimes they dont tell us they just find out for themselves .
Most media and books have things uncensored for many different reasons and I think its going good .
Yes there are some youth that take somethings too seriously but thats because the parents are not there to explain .
I 'm not saying go and show a four year old a rated ' @CAPS1 ' movie but lighten up on somethings .
Music is everywhere it's kind of hard to shelter your kid from music anyways because it's , well everywhere .
You should be there to watch what there listening to but they 're going to hear it sooner or later , might as well let them hear it around you then some one else that will give them the wrong advice .
Some parents complain so much about this subject because they don't want to have to be there all the time to explain everything , but then why have a kid if you can't take that responsibility .
Books are not so different , if a book has certain things that parents dont want their children reading then take it away from them .
But most books with that kind of stuff don't have any pictures so they would have to imagine it and if they don't know what is being talked about then they wont be able to think of anything bad anyways .
I 'm not going to be a careless parent but I don't think sheltering kids from the real world and media and books is a good idea , very unwise .
Kids are going to learn about curse words , drinking , and stuff like drugs someday , it's up to the parents to be there and teach the kid from right and wrong if they have a question from something they heard or watched or read .
People worry too much about censoring and making sure everything is clean but media and books are not all clean , never has been 'till some people got lazy and didn't want to be there for their child @PERCENT1 .
When I was young my parents didn't shelter me or keep me from reading what I wanted to read , and I turned out fine .
I don't drink or do drugs , because my parents were there if I had a question about something I didn't understand in a book or media .
It's not the media or literature it's the parents , and if they can't be there to explain then why did they become parents .
And as for magazines , if a parent is really that worried about certain ones around their children then don't let them buy them it's your choice .
Don't you want your kid to get out there and live their own life when they become an adult ?
Then don't shelter them from everything .
Let them find out about stuff when they ask a question .
If they read something in a book and don't understand it then either you could tell them whether it's right or wrong or let them find out the bad way , that's your choice .
If they see something on @CAPS2 then explain don't just freak out and block them from knowing what's out there in the real world .
It's your choice to make on all that , but if you shelter them too long they 'll never have a good life .
Sheltering @MONTH1 not seem so bad now but wait 'till they get older and start they 're lives , they wont know what to do or how to talk to people right .
I 've seen it with my own eyes on how bad sheltering kids from media and books can take effect on certain things in a human being's life .
Censoring everything isn't good , the only way to learn anymore these days about real life is media and books .
Not cesoring all that will help people see what the world needs to work on .
So don't censor everything and let the next generation know what the generation before did wrong .