In our world today , there is a way to find anything that you could ever want under one roof .
People call these buildings libraries .
Libraries hold almost every book ever writen and offer them to the public free of charge .
If you can not find what you are looking for in a book , they also have many other resources : movies , music , magazines , and the internet .
I am not here to say that we should band any materials that are offensives because everything is offensive to somebody .
There is always somebody out in the world that would say they are offened just to make a point or to get attention in our world today even if they did not even care about the subject at hand .
The internet can take you to just about any thing that you would ever want to go to .
Yes , the libraries do have blocks on the internet for websites that are very outragously offensive , but people have learned how to get around the blocks .
Libraries are set up to where all the kids materials is in one location , all the teenage stuff is in another spot , and all the adult materials are in another room .
As a young child , I liked going to libraries and having fun and reading , but the one thing I never did was go to the adult room and I think many other other kids feel the same way .
In fact , I have never seen a child in the adult section of a library .
Movies and music have ratings and if the rating is over what the child should be watching , then the child can not check the movie or music without a parent's signiture .
This ensures that kids can not check out bad or offensive materials without parental consent .
Our libraries are set up just fine the way they are and I feel we should not try to change the libraries in any way .
Movies and music have rating and kids can not check out offensive materials .
The materials in a library are organized by age group and kids usually do not venture out of the area of their interest .
Last but not least , if we took out everything in libraries that are offensive , then we would know longer have libraries in our communities .