That saying Katherine Paterson said 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '
I disagree with that statement .
I think it is the goverment's choice if these items should be taken out of libraries or not .
So we will need ligitement reason's to take some books off the shelf .
Some people think we should take books off the shelf that teach the kid's our history .
People don't have that right to take away from children .
In the statement Katherine made , she is supporting that very idea ; taking away our kids right to learn US history .
The kids have that right to learn our very own history and some people want to take that away .
Then what will our future generation be like .
Some kid's might not even know who @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is or how we got here to this very continent .
Parents also don't want us to read anything in books that have foul language or anything to do with nudity .
I see what theese parents are trying to do .
They are trying to protect their children , but the fact is people are going to have to go through this in life and if they arn't introduced at a younger age what will they do when they are older .
Some kids that have that right taken away from will have no idea what to do when they get older and the foul language in the texts of theese books put voice into the books .
We don't want the up coming generations to be blind to all of this because it is the real world .
When I was was in fifth grade I liked to read alot .
I really liked the adventure books such a the boxcar children and books like that .
One time I went into the library and I picked out a book about a haunted house .
The librarian would not let me check the book out because there were some texts in the book not apropriate for me .
That sort of crushed my reading spirit and I really never wanted to go and check out a book by myself any more .
So adults that want to take theese books of the shelves you might be stopping our generation from learning and if we don't learn then our next generation isn't going to want to read anything or learn .
Theese are just a couple of reason we should not take books , magazines , movies , and music away from us .
There are more people out there that have reasons to , so if you want to take this right away from us then be prepared for an argument because will fight for this right .
So you adults who want to take that book off the shelf , you better have real good ligitement reason to take it off .