Censorship is a tricky concept .
It is a word that can ban music from stores , books from shelves , and movies from theaters .
Katherine Paterson , an author , said that if all things reading or listening materials were removed , nothing would be left .
I thoroughly agree with that statement .
If someone finds one aspect of a work offensive , that does not qualify for the work to be banned or discarded .
I believe offensive material should not be removed because of the following reasons : it suppresses the feelings of the author , nothing will be left on the shelves , and there is no defining line on what is or is not offensive .
Now , I understand there is a vast amount of people who are against my position .
I assure them that I understand those feelings .
Some audiences feel that the removal of offensive material is good because it shields the ears of those who can not handle the verbage or context .
Others @MONTH1 feel that sensitive audiences @MONTH1 not be comfortable with the text .
In addtion , many people believe that exposing people to violent , risky , and material with dangerous habits will evoke the same behavior in young children .
Though these are all valid opinions , they are not enough to automatically think that it is okay to throw it off the shelves .
Contrary to the opinions of others , I believe one reason @CAPS6 material should be kept on the shelves because if it is not on the shelves , the the thoughts and feelings of the writer will be suppressed .
For instance , the book 'To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 ' was banned for a long time .
Harper @CAPS3's book , @MONTH1 have had some slurs we @MONTH1 find offensive today .
However , that is the way people in that time spoke .
Who are we to fault the people of the @DATE1 and @DATE2 for how that articulate words ?
By banning 'To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 ' for the time frame that it was banned , generations were robbed of the powerful and beautiful meaning of the entire book .
That meaning was that you can not punish the innocent because they have done nothing wrong .
The same for done for @CAPS6 book .
@CAPS6 one reason why I believe that should stay on the shelves .
Next , works of literature and music should stay on the shelves because as Katherine Paterson said if everyone removes a book , ' ... then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS6 is very true .
Many books have been on the banned book list .
For instance there is 'To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 , ' ' @CAPS9 in the @CAPS10 , ' ' @PERSON2 , ' and the like .
What book will be removed from the shelves next ?
Once society is relieved of all literature , the next step will be music .
Look at the singer/songwriter @PERSON3 .
He made some very sexually themed music .
When people bought his records in the @DATE3 , they had to be covered or placed in brown papered bags .
They @MONTH1 be considered censorship , but that is one step away from being banned .
His record company refused to produce his music under his name because of the scandalous lyrics .
Because of that , @PERSON3 has changes his name to an unpronouncable symbol .
What will be next ?
Finally , my last reason for why offensive material should not be removed is because who is to say whether or not something is offensive ?
A novel or song @MONTH1 be pleasing to @NUM1 people , but should it be extinguished from the record store or library because of one person ?
I do not think so .
There are many words and concepts that have not be socially accepted of the centuries .
However , those same appalling concepts have become accepted if not an uncommon habit .
If @CAPS6 'offensive material ' is given time , it will become unoffensive in the years to come .
For all the reasons I have stated , I do not agree with removing anything off the shelves because something finds it to unacceptable if not offensive .
If everything is removed because of an opinion , the world of the arts will be no more .
Then , we as people will wonder what will be left of us .
We will be nothing more than a mass of narrow-minded and ignorant individuals who know nothing about books , music , magazines , movies , etc .
Now , I pose @CAPS6 question to you : If all was deemed offensive material , what would be left ?