Everyone is different and unique in the world and they have their own unique opinions .
Which brings us to the arguement of censorship on anything , because what some people find offensive others @MONTH1 not .
The censorship that I am discussing is specifically about censorship in libraries .
There are three main reasons why libraries should not be censored .
The first reason is the books were written so they could be viewed by the public .
The next reason is people have the right to make their own decisions .
The final reason is parents can limit what their own children read .
The censorship of libraries is an absurd idea , because a few people shouldn't make the choice for everyone .
The first reason that libraries shouldn't be censored is the books were written so they would be read by the public .
A library is a public place where people are supposed to get whatever books they choose .
If a few people start censoring books then it will set off a chain reaction .
After so many different books are censored there will be less books for peole to enjoy .
All of the books that were censored were meant to be enjoyed .
If books are censored some people @MONTH1 never even get a chance to see those books and they wont be able to learn from them .
Books deserve the chance to be enjoyed like they were meant to be enjoyed and if they are censored that chance is gone .
The next reason is people have the right to make their own decisions .
If someone doesn't like a book then they don't have to read it .
They don't have the right to go censor that book , because they don't like it .
Another person @MONTH1 enjoy that book and many others @MONTH1 like it as well .
People should be able to choose what books they want and they shouldn't be told by others what they can and can't read .
They need to let others make the decision when it comes to getting their books .
People can't go around preventing other people from reading a book that they enjoyed .
They need to let others think for themselves and let them read what they want to .
The last reason is parents can limit what their children read.If the parents don't want their children reading something then they can tell their children that they aren't allowed to read it .
Other people shouldn't be able to censor a book , because it is innapropiate for children .
The child's parents can protect them if they find the book offensive for their children .
Everyone needs to worry about what they like and let the other people enjoy what they want to .
Let the parents set the limit for their children and it makes life simpler .
Also it allows everyone else to enjoy the books if they aren't censored just for children .
Parents will worry about their children and adults can worry about themselves .
The censorship of libraries is absolutely wrong and it is also unjust .
Somone shouldn't be able to say , ' I don't like this book so censor it . '
I will remind you of the three reason why this is true .
First the books were written so they would be enjoyed by the public .
Also people people have the right to choose what they want .
Finally parents can set limits on what their own children read .
Books should be left uncensored so they can be enjoyed by whoever wants to read them .
Everyone needs to let books be enjoyed by all and they shouldn't take away a books cahnce to be loved by censoring it .