Some people ask , ' @CAPS1 books should be censored from libraries ? '
@CAPS2 are always parents who think that the libraries have books that are inappropriate for their kids , so they speak out against the library and tell them to censor or remove the books .
I believe that in order for a library to censor or remove books , magazines , movies , music , etc.
, it depends on @CAPS1 the subject matter of those things are about .
It's also the parent's job to monitor @CAPS1 their kids read , listen to , or watch .
@CAPS2's no reason for a library to censor and take away books because one or two parents complain that it's inappropriate , when the parent can just pull their kids away from the book or movie and move on to something else .
It's not the libraries job to watch kids and make sure they don't read , listen to , or watch anything bad .
It's the parent's job .
Katherine Paterson , an author , had a good point , also .
She said that if she has the right to take books off the shelf , then so does everyone else .
If everyone else starts taking books off the shelf , we have no books left .
Everyone has a different view of books .
@CAPS1 one person thinks is bad , another @MONTH1 not .
It goes the other way , too : @CAPS1 one person thinks is good , another @MONTH1 think is bad .
On the subject of movies , @CAPS2 are some that should be censored , like the movies containing extreme violence or gore .
I remember going to the library when I was a kid , and I wanted to check out a @CAPS3 movie .
I couldn't check it out because I wasn't at least @NUM1 .
I though it was ridiculous because it was only a @CAPS3 movie , and it was harmless .
With magazines and music , it depends on the subject matter of those as well .
Some magazines contain inappropriate pictures and articles for young kids , and it's those things that should be kept away from the kids .
They don't neccessarily need to be censored or taken away , just kept in another section for teens and adults .
The music poses a problem , though .
A lot of the music these days can be very inappropriate , especially rap music .
Music that sends negative messages and contains a lot of cursing in the lyrics should be censored , in my opinion .
It doesn't belong in a library environment where young kids are roaming around and where they 're influenced by it .
In conclusion , books , music , movies , and magazines should or should not be censored or removed based on the subject .
It just depends on @CAPS1 the subject is about and how inappropriate it is .
@CAPS1 one parent thinks is bad , another @MONTH1 not .
Overall , I think that books , music , movies , and magzines shouldn't be censored .
Parents can just decide @CAPS1 they want their kid ( s ) to read , watch , or listen to