Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 : @CAPS4 I am @PERSON1 and I have heard there has been a discussion about different things in libraries .
And I would like to let you know what I think about the whole situation .
There are many things like books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
that people believe aren't appropriate .
Many people have differnt opinions then other people .
Everyone had a differnt point of view and sees things differently .
Ecspecially when it comes to what is appropriate for kids .
I believe if a child comes home with a book , movies , etc .
and their parent does not approve the parent should go and tell the librarian about why she thinks it isn't appropriate .
The librarian should listen to the parent and then take a look at it for herself and see what she thinks about it .
And if she finds it not approprite then she has the right to take it off the shelf .
If the parent comes in and talks to the librarian about why something is not apropriate and the librarian believes it is alright then maybe she needs to just put the book , movie , etc .
in a different area of the library .
Like if a little kid finds a book and the parent says its inappropriate the librarian could take that book out of the little kid section , and maybe put it in a older kid area .
I have actaully had an experience with this .
At my old school adults were always complaining about books they didn't think were appropriate .
When the librarian told us , we were upset because us girls loved to read those books .
The librarian at the time thought they were appropriate and really didn't want to take them out of the library .
So she had a great idea .
She took those books , the ones people were complaining about , and put them on their own special shelf behind her desk .
If you wanted one of those books you had to talk to your parent or bring a note in saying that you were allowed to read the book .
It was a really good idea , because if your parent wouldn't allow you to read them you weren't tempted to get one , and wouldnt even see them .
And the people who were allowed and wanted to read them still could with no problem at all .
Another idea I have is if you see a younger kid by older people books , movies , etc .
go talk to them about why they are over there and , tell them that , that's not their age level material .
Try to direct them over to their age level area , and try to find them a book , movie , etc they @MONTH1 be interested in .
I believe that everyone has different opinions but just because one person complains it doesn't mean it has to ruin it for everyone .
Just because one person doesn't like it doesn't mean everyone else does too .
I think censorship should somewhat be in libraries , but not to the extreme .
There should be many different topics in libraries so everyone enjoyes the stuff there .
There should be action , adventure , humor , love , etc .
Talk to people and see what they like .
And just because one person complains , dont take it out right away because to another person they might love it .
Thank you for taking your time to read my opinion , and I hope I helped