i think that the libraries in generally shouldn't take themusic , movies , or the magazines away .
Because you never know what goes on at there home and they just want to get away and relax the self at the library to read .
I think that they shouldn't take the books off the the shelves just for a reason because people love going to the library.And if they don't have those things then what the point of going there.my other thing that they shouldn't take those things away is thatthey will not make a profit .
when the people go to the libraryand they dont see those things they are going to wonder want happen.i think that it shouldn't be the children fault that all of the books are gone .
It should be the owners and the people that work at the library fault that they made them take the booksoff the shelves.I also think that when the children goes to the library they are going to ask there parent or someone.Where are the book because they want to read and also where are the book so they can check them out.But the people would want to keep getting the books from the library to check them out.I think that the people should not take the books off the shelves for a specific reason and that reason is that people and children would go like on a weekend to read if they dont have any of those things at home.My thing is that they shouldn't just remove anything at all because it going to be a big commotion .
So by removing all of that would be sad because what if no one has no place to go and they are feeling loney and they want to go the library and read .
but my whole point agbout it is that who came up with no books , music or magzines on the shelves.But i also think that if they did that in the real world .
Then it would be terrible and a crisis to the people.I think that they should not do that because the people love to read listen to music and etc .
I also think that they should not do that because people love going to to releave some stress that they might have and they jus want to go there.I also think that they might not do it anyways because they know the people love there jobs to not to.One of the things that i like is that when i go to the library it is nice and quiet and we can listen to our ipod or our @NUM1 player something like that.Some people just love to go so that they can see there friends and communicate with them to get on the computer .
My reason is that they shouldn't do that is they can lose everything like there jobs and etc .