There are people out there that think somethings should be taken off the shelves or not even made .
But thats their decision and not everyone should listen to it or just try to do it .
I think things that are offensive should and shouldn't be taken off .
They should because it might offend someone and it shouldn't beacuse then people can read or see it or even listen to it if its music and then know more about it and then they might not do the same things .
So people do have a choice on what should be banned or not but they also have a choice on if they want to read it or not too .
They might not want their kids to read it but their kids will still hear the same things somewhere else also .
I think they shouldn't be taken off because no matter what they do or what they say , stuff will still be out there in the world that people think are offensive and you just cant stop all of it .
I listen to a lot of music when I drive to school and most of it is rap music .
Yes , most of it is ofensive to girls and stuff but thats just music , it doesn't mean its true or anything .
People have the choice to not listen to it or not read about it .
If they think it is offensive to them or to anyone else or just not like it , they have thr right to just avoid it and not look at it .
People want to just change everything and make sure things are perfect and nothing bad is in the world .
But no matter what you try to do , something bad will be out there waiting for you .
You just got to know how to avoid it .
Avoiding things that you don't like would be a lot easier then just taking all the time you have to to try to get something banned off of a shelf .
You should keep it on the shelf for the people who want to actually read it or just want to read it to see what its all about .
When I read or listen to something thats offensive and I don't like it .
I will just turn it off or not read it anymore .
Not try to get it banned because that takes to much time .
People should just not worry about what is being said or written and try to get it banned becuase another book will be out again and it will be the same .
So as you can see I think the material that is written should just stay as it is and people can have their choice on if they want to read it or not .
If they do and they think its offensive then thats their fault for reading it when they know its gon na offend them .
And for the people who don't read it , they are doing it because they know it will offend them .
So not reading something that you don't like will be better in the end because then nothing will be banned and maybe nothing else will be made in the process of it being banned .
So nothing should be banned and just keep it and everything will still be the same .
We might not want our kids to read something bad but they will one day so why not just get it done and over with in the benginging .