Censorship in librarys could be useful so children and young people don't see what their parents don't want them to see .
In the kids section , they have kid's books .
In the adult section they have adult books .
Those sections are there to keep children from reading or seeing things that @MONTH1 be what their parents don't want them seeing .
But then again , a parent could bring their kids into those sections so they can find their books without leaving their child unattended .
Completely taking books out of the library because they are offensive is not a good thing .
It takes away certain literature that people might like reading .
But then it also makes those people that want it censored uptight .
I am a big reader so I have been to librarys many times but I never actually saw any material that was so bad I thought it needed to be taken out .
If there was though , they should just make an alternative section for books , music , movies , and magazines that some people think should be put there .
For example , some albums that contain offensive language or topics have ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 ' stickers on them .
It's simple enough to see these stickers so that you can put it in the alternative section of a library .
People that like and want to listen to that can easily go to that section and pick it out .
Books always have reviews , so people can tell if those are too @CAPS1 or not .
The library staff could put those books in the alternative section .
Movies always have ratings , so staff could put anything rated @CAPS4 or above on those shelves .
Now I 've never seen a bad magazine at a library before .
I 'm sure they would never have magazines such as ' @CAPS5 ' or ' @ORGANIZATION1 ' there .
People wouldn't need to worry about magazines from my experience .
That is my solution .
Make an alternative section for all the offensive material in the library instead of taking it out completely .
That takes away a lot of literature for the people that like that material .
You couldn't take away movie classics like ' @CAPS6 ' or ' @CAPS7 ' .
Those movies have been put on the highest of best film lists .
Yes , they are rated @CAPS4 but no , that doesn't take away the fact that they are great movies .
Don't take the material out .
Just make a new section for it .