There are thousands of libraries throughout the world .
All of which are filled with numberous books , magazines , music , movies , ect .
for people of all ages to obtain .
Some people think that materials in a library should be censored while others think everything should be allowed to be there .
I do not think materials at a library should be removed , or censored , because the materials would decrease , people would choose what to look at , and the material would help with research .
Materials at libraries should not be censored because the materials allowed at the libraries would decrease .
Everyone has different opinions on what they think is appropiate or not .
If one person were to decide a book was unappropiate and take it off the shelf , another person would have the right to take another book that they thought was unappropiate off the shelf as well .
However , since everyone has different beliefs on what is appropiate and what is not , the books would rapidly decrease.The same would apply to the other items at the libraries such as magazines , movies , ect .
Another reason is because everyone has their own choice about what they want to look at in a library .
A fifty year old man would not have the same intrests as a thirteen year old girl , so if some materials were removed , there would not be as much of a variety to chose from .
If there is a little variety to chose from due to materials being censored , the amount of people using the library would decrease causing the library to eventually get shut down from the lack of people using it .
Lastly , materials at a library should not be censored because each and every item there could help with some kind of research .
A child from high school could go to the library to look for a book to help research things for a report in one of their classes , or an elder women could go to the library in search of a cookbook to research something new to make for her next home cooked meal .
Both people would need a material from the library to help them with their reasearch , but if some materials at the library were removed , they might not be able to find something to help them .
Materials at a library should not be censored because the materials would decrease , people would choose what to look at , and the material would help with research .
Some people believe removing items at a library should be allowed , but I strongly disagree .
There are many different materials in the libraries around the world today for people of all ages to come in contact with , and that is the way it should stay