Books mean a lot to people that love to read .
Books have pictures , or they @MONTH1 even be poem books .
Some books should not be on the shelves in libraries .
They have offesive language and not so well of pictures .
They @MONTH1 be learning books but the little kids do not need to see that .
I think books should be removed from the shevles if found offensive .
Libraries need to up their standards of what should be in the library and what should not .
The books , movies , music , ect .
needs to be in a certain section of the library to where the little kids can not go or reach .
A library is a family place not a fun zone for adults .
On @DATE1 , I went to the library with my brother to pick out a book for him .
@CAPS2 is only six about to be seven .
He had told me he wanted to get a book about dinosuars , but I told him to get one on space and aliens .
@CAPS2 was very into reading .
He read to our mom everynight before he would go to bed .
We were walking down @CAPS1 street when a bolt of lighting struck through the trees .
'ekkkk ! '
said @CAPS2 as he ran around me .
We walk into the library and the old lady at the front desk says , 'there is a huge storm coming . '
We sorta ignore her and go on about our bussiness picking our books for @CAPS2 .
@CAPS2 and I walk up stairs to the childrens section .
@CAPS2 is looking around and he says 'hey kayla , what is this and he picks up a naughty magaizine .
i rush over to snach it out of his hands and he gets scared .
He ask 'but sissy what is that ? '
I do not respond .
I tell him to pick a book and come on .
He grabs one and we are on our way to get it checked out and the lights go off .
It was completely dark .
'
@CAPS3 stay calm . '
a man says .
The back up lights come on and we all go to the lobby area .
We sit there for twenty mins and the lights are back on .
Everything is normal again and we go to check out .
We get up to the front and i turn in the bad magazine that @CAPS2 had found .
The lady askd why I was bringing it to her and i had to tell her the bad news , that it was up in the childrens section .
She said 'oh my ! '
@CAPS2 laid his books up on the counter and we checked out .
We walked out the front doors and we were on our way home .