Should public libraries have to censor some of the books , movies , and music they have on display ?
In my opinion they shouldn't have to .
We as people have the right to learn , read , and expand our minds in whatever way we see right for us .
There are three main reasons as to why I feel 'offensive ' pieces of writing , movies , and music should be allowed in public libraries .
One reason as to why they should not is that people have been writing and expressing themselves throughout history ; therefor , there are far too many pieces that we would have to get rid of in order to eliminate them all .
The second reason is that people have different opinions as to what is 'offensive ' and what is not .
The third reason that will be elaborated on is that people will be exposed to whatever it is you try to hide , if not throught the art of music , movies , or books , then through the real world we live in .
Throughout history , man kind has been writing things down to document experiences , events , and ideas that have happend throughout history .
With those expierences come profanity , sexuality , death , and abundant amounts of situations that the public eye might consider 'offensice ' .
If you were to try and delete these pieces , one you would be destroying a big part of history , and two there are far too many books , movies , and music pieces that you would have to get rid of .
In almost every form of art there is some remark to something negative .
If you were to take them out , you would be left with very few , if any books .
The second reason is that poeple have different opinions on what is bad , and what is not .
For example , I was going on a band trip with all the other band students , and on the way there we put on a movie .
We ended up having to turn off the movie , because one parent found it inappropriate .
While that parent didn't like it , other parents were upset we turned it off , because they saw nothing wrong with it .
The same rules apply with books and music .
It all depends on personal views as to it being 'offensive ' or not .
The third reason is that poeple will expierence all of the things you are trying to hide .
If you take it out of the library , one will hear about it on the news , on the radio , in a restraunt , in schools , just about anywhere they are .
Taking out the pieces in the library , will be useless in the long run .
For example , people want to take out a book called , 'The @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' because it uses the word 'nigger ' in the story quite a few times .
There are a lot of people that feel it is not appropriate enough to be taught in school .
On top of that , they want to get rid of all the books that say 'nigger ' and replace them with books that say 'slave ' instead .
In my opinion that would be a stupid thing to do , because it takes away the authentisity and effectiveness out of the book .
In the book when they use the word it is very powerful and makes you think .
If you replace it with 'slave ' that statement or passage loses its power on its readers .
In conclusion , I strongly feel that libraries should not have to take out the 'offensive ' books , music , or movies .
If it does happen , we would be deleting part of our history and knowledge .
With that if we do it , how will we know what books to take out , if everyone has a different opinion on what is 'offensive ' and what is not .
Finally , should we do this , it will not solve anything .
People in today's society will still be mean , still do sexual things , people will still use harsh language , and people will still expierence 'offensive ' actions .
That is the society we live in and poeple will have to accept that fact .
That is why I feel that we need to keep all of the 'offensive ' pieces we have , that way the people reading them might be ready for the real world once it hits them .