Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
Katherine has a good view on the idea of censorship in libraries .
Most books have ideas and topics that are offensive to one person or another .
I believe that books that have something offensive in them should not be censored .
An idea that is offensive to one person @MONTH1 not be offensice to the other , and vice versa .
Someone who is pro life on the controversial issue of abortion @MONTH1 believe that a book about a teenage girl getting an abortion is offensive and against their beliefs .
In truth , the author was just trying to convey how the teenage girl feels and what happens when you go through with something like that .
Katherine Paterson said it well when she mentioned that no books would be left on the shelves .
If every person felt threatened or was offended by just one book , libraries would have to close because no books would be left .
Books on the topic of religion would definitely have to be censored as well because people of differing religions .
The @CAPS1 @MONTH1 be offensive to someone of @CAPS2 religion , and because of that the @CAPS1 would not be able to be sold .
If that happened there would be an ongoing battle about it .
Books should not be censored because an idea that is offensive to one , @MONTH1 not be to another .
If books were censored , literature would have an immediate downfall .
When authors write books they are pouring their hearts out to us .
If someone thinks their book is offensive and it gets censored , the author of the book would be even more offended .
Their life's work could go into one book and just because a group of people do not like it , it gets taken off the shelves .
I don't know about you but I would rather read a book with an interesting and maybe controversial topic than a book that seems to go nowhere .
If censorship in libraries actually happened , many authors @MONTH1 say forget it and not even right anymore .
It is very hard to write a book that pleases everyone .
Also , attraction to literature would seize .
People are not attracted to books that do not have a quality topic that gets them interested .
Literature would have an immediate downfall if books were censored .
If books were censored , the quality of learning would not be the same .
Books are tools for learning and taking them away would be harmful to education .
Some teenagers including me @MONTH1 find some of the material they read-even in school-to be offensive or have a touchy subject .
I do admit that reading books for class is somewhat annoying at times , but it will help us in the future .
These books have meaning , which is why they are picked by teachers for students to read .
Something offensive like a cuss word is not going to keep someone from finding the meaning of the book .
The quality of learning would not be the same if books were censored .
A book can be offensive , yes , but one book is not going to ruin someone's life .
An important thing to remember is that by taking a book off a shelf , or not playing music because of a few harmful words is like denying the creativity and compassion of an author or artist .
One book that is offensive to one , @MONTH1 not be to another .
If books were censored , literature would have an immediate downfall and the quality of learning would not be the same .
For all of these reasons , censorship in libraries should not be allowed .