Recently the growing issue of censorship in libraries came to my attention .
This is unfortunent in the extreme .
People have a right to unmolested knowledge and censoring libraries is a direct violation of that right .
Libraries are meant to be a place of learning and they should be kept that way .
History is filled with moments both glorious and inglorious .
We aren't always proud of want we do or what happens but those events remain , irrespective of whether or not we choose to acknowledge it .
To think turning a blind eye to the less than clean will make it go away is not only unrealistic but also totally ignorent of facts .
I realise that there are some things chilldren should not see or hear and I 'm not suggesting we expose them to these things .
I 'm merely saying that trying to hide them from what we deem to be unclean is neither right nor a good idea in general .
We can't shelter our children forever and sooner or latter they will learn things we wish they didn't .
This is inevitable .
Life doesn't seek to hide its darker side from us at all and to hide it from our children will serve little more than to handicap them .
Do children need to be protected for some things ?
Yes , for a time , they do but it is the role of the induvidual parent to protect their child .
Protect the children but don't do so at the expence of everyone else .
Why should the views of some hinder all others ?
Those who would persume to know what people should see and what they should not are out of touch .
Those prudish enough to believe that people need to be protected for natural , form history , or from their own desires have no more right , and preahaps even less than everyone else to interfere with induvidual decision making .
People have a right to make their own choices on what them believe but no right to force those oppinions on others .
This essay @MONTH1 make no difference but it has said what needed to be said and thus served it's purpose .
With that task completed I can finnish with a good concious .