I believe that if you hear or read something offensive they should stay for many reasons .
I feel everyone should know the history of the world , whch means rascitism or being offended .
I feel if you are reading a book or listening to music and you hear something offensive to you , just turn it off .
You aren't being force to listen or read it , its your choice .
Libraries should keep the materials cause the people of the world should know how it feels to be offended .
I certainly don't like the feeling of being offended , but its something people go through life with .
There @MONTH1 be people out there that probably disargree's with me , its just my oponion .
You @MONTH1 go to the certain libraries in the world that doesn't allow certain people in because of their oponions on the selection of materials the library offers .
I once heard a woman at a library talking about how she went to the police about someone writing offensive things towards her religion on the internet @CAPS1 happen to the person but , its the fact that she went to the police .
She could have handle the sitiutation herself , by just comforting the person about it .
I feel that the mintue she started to read it , she should have turned away or got off the website .
It was her decision to keep reading it .
I don't see why she should go to the police , if it was just the person's oponion .
Libraries should keep the materials cause maybe someone wants to know the meaning of being offensive or being offend .
Libraries shouldn't have to hide this topic from anybody .
People are offensive because they were rasied or just born that way .
Some people just have to deal with these people .
They might not like it or @MONTH1 do somethings towards them in there lifetime but , they have to live with them .
In the end , either if they want to or not libraries should keep certain materials out even if they are offensive towards people .
Libraries shouldn't just change there ways for certain people that don't like the materials .
They are plenty people of the world that want to learn more on the topic .
These people shouldn't be stopped by the ones who don't like the topic .
Its just apart of life