Dear @ORGANIZATION1 , I dissagre with removing materials from the library .
I personally do not think it is the libraries fault if someone is offened by books , movies , music or magazines etc .
If they did not like the book or movie it is their fault for picking it in the first place .
Children who are under the age of thirteen should not be able to watch movies that are not for them , they should not be seeing those bad movies or scary movies at such a young age .
I want the libraries to think this over ; because it is not fair to adults or older children .
Movies that are funny entertain children daily ; some children even quote movies and make other children laugh .
I know for a fact us teens watch funny movies to make our rough day turn into a better day , well that is what I do at least .
There are some movies out there that are just so funny , I could quote ever line of it .
Music on the other hand is very important to teens these days .
It is always enjoyable to me .
I love music without it I 'm not quite sure where I would be in this world .
I love many different kinds of music , most of it is very fun to listen to .
I 'm not a big fan of rock , you would not see me picking that up from the library.Us teens love music , we use music for pretty much everything .
We dance to it , sing to it , workout to it , and most of all we just enjoy it .
Books are always important , even though I do not like to read that often I still like to read books that interest me .
For example you would not see me reading a scary book , because it would just remind me of the movie , and I would have nightmares .
The books that interest me the most are fiction books .
My two favorite books are A @CAPS1 To @CAPS2 , and The @CAPS3 @CAPS4 .
Both of those books are by the author @PERSON1 .
I love all of his books but these ones are the best .
Please re think your decission about getting rid of the bad music , books , and movies .
@CAPS2 it is not the libraries fault it is the people who are borrowing them .
If they do not like it then they should have never taken it home in the first place .
I say we just let it be , and let people be happy