Many people base their actions on their own views .
What @MONTH1 appear to be justified in their minds , due to their beliefs , might cause an uproar from others .
One instance of this : media censorship .
It happens every day , every place .
Someone can take it upon them selves to , in their mind , 'make the piece better for @CAPS8 viewing ' .
In reality , though , they are really ruining the experience of the media for everyone else and even impeading on the rights granted to us by the constitiution : @CAPS1 of the @CAPS2 .
First up , books in the library .
Everytime I go to the library and pick up some books , there is always one book with the 'bad parts ' marked out .
Someone had found these words offensive and decided that no one should have to see or read them .
To me , it was irritating .
I don't always like those words either , but having them marked out is distracting from the page and , for me , ruins the author's voice and style of writing , hence impairing what I draw from the book .
Some marked-out words aren't always offensive to others , either .
Simply put , if you find the book offensive , don't read it .
Others @MONTH1 enjoy it , whether they share your views or @CAPS7 .
People also take the liberty of simply removing whole pieces of media from shelves just because they find it offensive .
If everyone removed anything they didn't like , or found offensive , there would be nothing left in the world for anyone to enjoy .
We , as @LOCATION1 citizens , have the right to make our own choices , and our choices should @CAPS7 be limited by the views of certain individuals .
That means that if I want to read or view something , it should be available to me , so I @MONTH1 learn and expand my views , even if it makes someone else uncomfortable .
With nearly every disputable form of media that comes out , people harangue the producers and say the piece should have never been made .
Wrong .
Producers and authors can publish whatever they would like .
It's called @CAPS1 of the @CAPS2 , and it is a right garunteed to us , as @CAPS5 citizens , under the @CAPS6 .
And learly , if pieces like that are being produced , people read it .
Plain and simple .
You might @CAPS7 , but maybe a neighbor , or even a relative , @MONTH1 @CAPS7 be offended by it and might read it .
Supply and demand .
If everyone found it offensive , no one would buy or read it , and because of that , it would no longer be produced .
You would get your way .
But , no .
Some people do read it and it is produced .
Again , if you don't like it , don't read it .
People should @CAPS7 take it upon themselves to censor what others can and can't do , see , or read .
If someone wants to read a story that has 'bad words ' in it , so be it .
Others should @CAPS7 ruin the experience by marking the words out .
@CAPS7 only is it rude and ruining the experience for the reader , but it is also destroying someone else's property .
If someone wants to view something that is against a certain religion , so be it .
They have the right and no one can take that right away from them .
In my opinion , censorship in libraries , whether by government , or other civilians , should @CAPS7 be allowed .
We citizens are allowed the right to make our own choices and in @CAPS8 libraries , the @CAPS8 should be allowed to read or watch whatever they want .
Choice is one of the prinicples of the constitution , and it should be protected , @CAPS7 limited