Censorship in liraries , in my opinion is over-rated .
Everywhere you hear of book , music , magazines , and movies being offensive or degrading , but does that mean that they should be taken off the shelves of our public libraries , or out of book stores ?
I say no because , future generations need to know of the material , it @MONTH1 not always be offensive , and the public libraries have no right to tell us what we can , and can not read .
Some say that our future generations will be greatly shorted of knowledge , or become naive because of this lack of knowledge .
I say this is because of the censorship in libraries .
Katherine paterson once said 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other chilren have taken off the shelf .
But if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
An then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
So if they 're taking books off the shelve because they find them offensive , then there will be so many books gone , that the kids will not have a broder view as so many people are lucky to have today .
Everyone has a different oppinion about everything , including what's offensive and what's not .
If one person see's a book as being offensive , that doesn't necessarily mean that someone else will also .
I 've heard of teachers not letting the students see pictures of The @CAPS1 , because the think it's offensive .
Not everyone agrees with that .
The @CAPS1 is a big part in history and it being catorgorized as offensive is wrong , it's not the only thing in history that is bad .
If they start taking out big parts of history , it will be long lost and forgotten .
Lastly i believe that the libraries should not be able to tell us what we can and can not read .
We have the right to choose what we want to read , if we think that it's bad and shouldn't be reading it , then we won't read it .
But that doesn't mean they should take out the book because one person finds it offesive .
Someone else might want to read it .
I think that people are mature enough to pick what they read , and as for children their parents are the one's that could pick for them .
With so many different oppinions it's hard to decide what to do about censorship , I believe that if it's offensive maybe they should have a special section for explicit media and reading .
Maybe then people wouldn't be offended by it .
Just because one person doesn't like it doesn't mean another wouldn't either .