I believe as a citizen of this city and as a avid library goer , that censorship in libraries is neccessary .
Some of the material in the libraries @DATE1 are very graphic and sometimes quite a bit offensive .
Do we really want our children looking at half-nude people or the murder of innocent people just because of their skin color ?
In @DATE1's libraries there are many books and movies that represent racism .
Take for instance the movie ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @PERSON1 . '
In the movie the white children get yelled at because they are playing with the @CAPS3- @CAPS4 children .
This is a wonderful example of why censorship is neccessary .
Just think , if your child were to watch this and then go and say something rude to one of their friends , who is @CAPS3- @CAPS4 , it would be very offensive to them .
Although this movie is about historical events , it still needs to be taken off the shelves , in @CAPS1 opinion .
In @DATE1's society , nudity is becoming a big issue in movies and also in books .
You @MONTH1 think that it is okay to let your child watch a movie rated @NUM1 , but little did you know , there is nudity in it .
Depending on how old your child is , and if you let them on the computer or not , they might think it is okay to go and look up nude pictures on the internet .
Also , in books this is becoming an issue .
It was just the other day I sat down to read a book about a musical that I wish to see , and there were nude pictures in it .
Once I found this out , I asked @CAPS1 mother to please take it back .
These are the sort of things that need to be taken off the shelves of our libraries .
Language usage in music is also a big deal .
Many rap artists think it is okay to use offensive and explicit language in their music .
I do not think they take into consideration that young children will be listening to their music .
This genre of music needs to be taken off the shelves .
You @MONTH1 think it is okay for your young child to listen to it now , but just wait until those words make it into their vocabulary .
I think that library censorship is a big deal that needs to be taken into deep consideration .
It @MONTH1 be different at first , especially when you go in to get your favorite rap tape , or your favorite @NUM1 movie , but trust me in the long run , you will thank the library for taking it off the shelves .
Especially when you get older and have children .
You will not want them listening , reading , or watching the things you watched as a child