If we were to take away every thing that someone in the world finds offensive , there would be nothing left .
Many people in different cultures find many different things offensive .
it's not right to take away from others something becuase a select group of people take offense at it .
Something being offensive isn't always a bad thing .
There's many different reason why , but removing something because of someone else's opinion isn't right .
First , whether you find something offensive or not , is laregly based on your culture .
To most @CAPS1 cultures , declining food is offensive .
To @CAPS2 , eating or hurting cows in anyway is a complete disgrace .
If something is offensive to one person , it @MONTH1 be because they have a different background .
You 're never going to please everyone .
Second , one of the best thing's about the @LOCATION1 is that you can have your own beliefs .
If something was removed from the shelf at a library , because someone found it offensive , I would be disturbed .
I have my own beliefs that I 'm sure not everyone agrees with .
Some of my beliefs wuold be offensive to certain people .
That doesn't mean I should have to stay silent about my beliefs , does it ?
No , of course not .
I wouldn't want anyone else's beliefs forced on me .
I 'm sure no one wants my beliefs forced on them .
By removing things from a shlef becuase took offense at it , you 'd be removing freedom of speech from the shelf also .
That's not only wrong , it's illegal .
Some people would be offended at a book with a cross on it .
Some people would be offended by a @CAPS3 cover with a pentgram .
That doesn't mean they should be taken away .
It's good to get offended sometimes .
It often makes people stand up for what they believe .
To me , it's reminder of why I believe what I do .
I @MONTH1 be angered by what I see .
I 'm sure the terrorist group @ORGANIZATION1 is greatly offended when they see the @CAPS4 flag .
We wouldn't stop waving it , would we ?
That 'd be absurd !
Just because someone takes offense at something doesn't make it wrong .
It never has .
It just means they have different beliefs .
We should have the maturity to look away instead of demanding that it be removed .
I personally believe that removing things from the public eye , merely because they 're offensive , would be wrong for many reasons .
So many people find so many thigs offensive .
It 'd take away everythign if we removed eac and every one .
Removing offensive items would also be an intrusion of freedom of speech .
Plus , many things that are offensive often remind of of who we are .
We should be string enough to look away and not fight about it .
I don't think they should be removed .
I want my library to be what @CAPS5 was made to be , a mixture of cultures and backgrounds .
I don't think anything should be removed unless it directly causes harm to people