Durning school one day all of our teachers told the class that most of the books in the libary is going to be took off the shelves .
But our class don't want that to happen .
All the teachers told us that some people parents has been complaning about what there kids are reading .
I thank that most the the books that are in the libary is good for the kids to look at because thats what they like annd they like to learn about what would like to have or do someday .
I also thank that it is a good thing that kids are wanting to learn about what they want to do later in life .
Later in life when I have kids I would like them to dream about what they want to do in there life .
So if that means that they want to go to school and look at magazines all day and make sure that thats what he wants to do thats fine with me .
So if the teachers want the books off the shelves they can but I don't think that the kids are going to try much if they cant be what they want to be later in there life time .
I know that if they did that to my kids that I know I would buy them all the magazines thay want so they can learn what they want to do in life .
So if they take all the books off the shelves I know that all the kids parents are probley going to get mad because thats what messes up the kids dreams .
Know when the kids what to read the schools is taking all the good books off the shelves none of the kids are going to know what they want to do in there later life .
A good thing to do is to let the studends vote and see what the what to do about taking the books off the shelves .
I bet most of the students in this world would say to keep them on the shelves because they like to read and look at pictures .
That means that they want to be something when they grow up .
I hope that my kid whats to be something that he likes to do when he grows up .
I will help any kid as much as I can with there dreams .
There is two things that are going to happen .
One is that the school is going to take the books off the shelves and the students are not doing to try in school and they might not know what they want to be .
Or they might just give up on it all .
And I know that know one whats that to happen .
The second thing is that the schools is going to keep the books on the shelves and the students are going to want to read them more .
Also they will probley know want whey want to do later in there life time .
If I could pick what to do I would keep the books on the shelves and make the kid happy