Everyone has their own opinion on censorship in libraries.I think that what libraries choose to put on their shelves should not be censored .
Every human being does not have the same taste in what they read , listen to , look at , and watch .
In todays generation everyone has their own opinon on censorship .
I do not agree with censorship because not everyone likes the same things , has the same thoughts , has the same lifestyle , and wants to learn the same things .
Everyone is an individual and is different in their own way .
If libraries wanted to censor what they put out not everyone would get to read , listen , and watch what they wanted .
Having libraries censor things would make people feel left out .
For example if the library only put out romance things , then what would the action lovers do ?
A library is for anyone and everyone who goes to it .
One specific type of person does not go to the library .
Everyone grows up in a different lifestyle .
Children do not choose their parents .
Some parents censor what their kids read and watch , and some do not .
Kids who have parents that do not censor what they choose to get at the library might have differnt interests .
Not everyone likes the same things .
In school most of the time everyone learns the basic information that is required .
Outside of school there is so much more to learn .
People can go to librarys ' and learn about differnt things that they want to learn about .
What people choose to study in their free time can range from drugs and sex to @CAPS1.If libraries censored what people can read , watch , listen to not everyone would get to learn extra information that they wanted to .
Libraries can not censor their materials !
I do not agree with libraries censoring what materials they choose to put out for the public.People are differnt and that is okay .
If libraries choose to censor things then not everyone would have equal opprotunities .
Parents can censor what their kids read if they want .
Not every parents chooses to censor what their kids get at the library ; therefore kids have different interests .
Human beings do not always want to learn the same things .
The librarys ' who choose to censor what they put out is not letting everyone have a equal chance to learn .
Please let people be who they want to be !
Do not censor what libraries put out such as books , music , movies , and magazines