I beleive it is wrong to remove books from library shelves even if they are found offensive .
I have three reasons to support this statement .
These reasons are knowledge , different sections of the library , and freedom .
I will explain these reasons below but before I begin I would like to add that most people want to censor things that they fear .
If a book is removed from a shelf because someone finds it offensive then the next person who comes along looking for that book can not access it .
How is that fair ?
In life there are many things that can offend people but thats life , you have to learn to let those things go .
Everyone has a right to form their own views and oppinions on things , but they can not if they do not read other people's oppinions .
Reading expands our vacabulary , at any age .
Just because you do not like something does not mean someone else also can not like it .
You have to give them a chance to form an oppionion .
Library's are everywhere .
If you are concerned about your children finding books that you do not want them to see then take them to a library with sections .
All libraries are broken down in sections .
Keep your children in the 'children ' section and there should not be any concerns in that area .
Once your children get older allow them to roam the library and develope an oppinion on what types of books they enjoy most .
We live in @LOCATION1 , which since founded has been all about freedom .
Some people do not have the money to buy books , or internet , So these people rely on public libraries .
If they look for books and can not find a subject that interests them they will not read .
They could even be looking for a specific book and not be able to find it because it was taken off the shelf .
There is also a religion conflict .
There are many different versions of the @CAPS1 but , many different religions .
People come from all backgrounds so if they do not beleive in the @CAPS1 do we take that off the shelves too ?
In closing I would like to add that I can also see why people would want to censor certain things .
However most of the things people do not like to see are things they fear .
These people can not hide from reality , not everything in the world is good , so let's not pretend everything is perfect and do our best to contribute to the wellness of society .
What better way than letting everyone read whatever they wish