Cooling the @CAPS1 : @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 From Book @PERSON1 _________ Censorship in public libraries would be an insult to the institution .
A library , a citadel of knowledge , should not be bound by a society as to what knowledge it can convey .
One point of a library , the destination of researchers , is to offer information that must be sought : for those who can not find the information in their homes without fear , for those who can not ask their questions without retribution , the library stands as a pillar of safety .
Books are incapable of judgment .
To censor the books held in a library is to chip away at human progress .
A freedom of thought and a freedom of press , present within our nation and increasing in presence around the @CAPS5 , precludes the idea of this censorship .
If any book is subject to criticism or opposition , are not all books worthy of the same ?
To value one opinion or perspective less than another is to debase the entire culture from which libraries have arisen .
Libraries are a communal institution , open to all views and writings .
The point of bringing books together under one roof is to equate them , and give them all equal standing as literature or scholarly works .
From personal experience , censorship in the library has cost me precious time , and has stolen from me parts of my life .
Growing up in a small town , where ideas of gender and sexuality were somewhat firmly set , any search for dissenting opinion was often fruitless .
When I visited my school's library , as a child searching for answers about my sexuality , I found little aid .
Around the library were a thousand stories of a man and woman falling in love , but never did I find a fairy tale of two princes .
It was not until I left the school that I found that such books did exist in my old school library , but kept removed , off the shelves , restricted .
More insulting than finding books of @CAPS4 issues completely unrepresented was to find that they were treated so separately .
Here lies the problem .
Some people believe that if minority opinions or values are unrepresented , they will disappear .
Such is the point of censorship : ignoring an issue or a life-choice to the point of extinction .
But books can not shout their values .
They can not shove information down our throats .
Books must be read , we must give our consent to their knowledge .
Unlike an advertisement that might accost us unawares , we must pick up a book and open it to receive its guidance .
If my library had done its job and given me the guidance I sought , I would have grown so much more easily .
I would have learned not only how to express and accept myself , but I might have grown to more easily accept others as well .
In the past few years , with the effects of @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 reaching the newest generation , @LOCATION1 has searched for ways to pay homage to the victims of the violence of @CAPS8 and of the @CAPS9 .
What the country finds , however , is that it can not effectively memorialize the tragedies .
In trying construct a monument , the government and culture find that they have little to build off of .
The products of murder and book-burning have resulted in an emptiness , a void .
As such , architects have created what @MONTH1 be called 'anti-monuments ' , commemorating a void to posterity to memorialize what was lost .
One of the most powerful , to me at least , appears in the form of a negative bookshelf : a solid wall , with gaping holes in the form of book spines , ranging across the rows .
Such is the knowledge lost from book-burning .
We can not even describe what is lost , for the knowledge has vanished .
We must ask , what are we missing ?
What views , what prose , what beauty has been taking from us while we continue living , never having the chance to glimpse it ?
This is the effect of library censorship .
To remove a book from its natural and rightful place on a shelf is to set its words aflame .
Once it is gone , it will be forgotten .
To protect our posterity , to enlighten our descendants , we must work to preserve all books , any book that appears offensive , or disgusting , or brave , or new .
Let the reader decide its value .
Let the person in search of answers pick it up or leave it behind .
Give the book a chance for it @MONTH1 have a power that is unrealized .
Leave the libraries as they are , as the monuments to the preservation and progression of knowledge and wisdom .