Have you ever wondered how libraries pick their books ?
Well , I know I have .
There are some material out there that no one wants a little kid to get a hold of .
I believe censorship should be allowed in libraries , because the censorship of books is vital for the kids of the world to live a life without books about violence , another reason is that it not only affects the lives of the children , but the social lives of everyone , and the overrated music of our generation .
My reasons on this subject can be viewed in two different ways , but I would like to view it in my way .
Look around , are their little children around .
Well , if there is I would be looking at what they are reading or doing .
The children might be reading books that are too explicit for their age .
Take for example , a child that is six years old , and can do whatever he or she wants .
They have no limits .
So , one day the child decides I am going to check out a book at the library .
The child obtains a book that is about violence and sex .
What does the parent do when that child brings that book home ?
Nothing .
The parents do nothing because they do not care about their own child .
The time is now to step up to the plate , librarians .
Take a stand and censor those books .
This is what could happen to anyones child if there are books out their that could be harmful to anyone that picks them up .
Children aren't the only ones that are harmed by this deadly disease called noncensored books .
Think about the conversations that go on in schools and at the work place .
What are the conversations mostly about ?
I would take a wild guess that they are mostly about sex and violence .
How do these conversations come up ?
Well , the only reason is uncensored books at the library .
Anyone can check out a book at the library .
It could be the elderly all the way down to toddlers .
When I was little , my parents use to tell to go to the library and learn something .
What if the library didn't have censored books , what would I be reading ?
Social lives are very affected by what they learn and how they learn the material .
Lastly , why is that everyone time I turn on the radio , there is always a song that is not right for anyone to listen to .
I listen to the radio station @NUM1 sometimes and all the music is mostly about violence .
Guess what the libraries have some of these compact discs of these artists that are played on this radio station .
At the library , there is a music section , movie section , and lastly the books .
All of that material combined can create a social disaster , if the material isn't censored .
I believe that censored music is the best path to go , because our world wouldn't be obsessed with violence if they have never read or learned about it .
Why should we have to suffer anymore with uncensored books at the library ?
Take a chance and fight for what you believe in and vote for censored books .
A library is a place to sit and enjoy the surroundings .
It is not a place for violence , so quit with it , go for a safer environment .
No one deserves to be offered the damaging violence of uncensored books , and music