' @CAPS1 ' , the woman shreaked as she had just received a fierce , sharp , and quick stab in the back by her abusive husband .
This is the kind of violence children read about all around the @CAPS2 .
To think all of the innapropriate stuff children see around the @CAPS2 in television , the internet , and even what classmates are talking about isn't enough , well you are wrong .
Some of the things you read and hear about in books are totally unacceptable .
This is why books , and magazines need to be censored in libraries all around the @CAPS2 .
In our community library in @LOCATION1 , @LOCATION2 we have magazines , in which case these magazines are very graphic .
Kid's will read these over any learning or interesting book .
Many kid's draw disrespectful things in them .
As to think that wasn't ignorant enough they also rip them in half and do many other dismantling things to them .
One of the reasons why I feel that the @CAPS2 has so much trouble with criminal people is kids feel these days that they are allowed to draw in books and rip them in half even though they aren't their property .
Which allowes them to think they can do whatever they want .
Kids read about crazy things that aren't necessaarily teaching you anything .
Unless that is you want to learn about having a zombi apocalypse and zombies take over the @CAPS2 .
To have that in a school public library what is that teaching kid's ?
Absolutely nothing , but to teach them to take them home and show there little brother or sister a cuss word in the book is teaching them bad things .
These are all some valid points as to censor or take out some of the leisurely reading books in the libraries , or to possibly censor some of the cussing .
The last point I will be touching on this discussion is the loss of money that some of the schools have due to damaged books and stolen property .
Also to mention all of the dirty pictures kid's draw in the magazines and books .
Schools lose a great deal of money just to touch that point .
They would save a much needed amount of money if they didn't let those books leave the classroom or school library .
Kid's wouldn't be able to draw in them or steal them or even damage them and all the money they could save and put it towards something learn fulfilling .
Well behaved children all around the @CAPS2 is what you can look forward to if you censor books and magazines all around the @CAPS2 in libraries .
If you dont let them be taken out of the library how could kids possibly damage or steal or even draw in them .
By not allowing kid's do do whatever they want and showing some authority lets kid's around the @CAPS2 know they need to show some respect .
With all the money libraries and schools save they can put it towards something learn fulfilling .
If you could please take the information i have given you and think about it , it would be greatly appreciated