People all judge things differently .
Thats why I feel that libraries should keep those kinds of books .
What @MONTH1 be found as a offenisve book to one person might not to another one .
If there are people saying that the certain books are offensive , then they should take them out of the library .
You shouldn't take one book out because one person thinks it is offensive .
What might be offensive to one person @MONTH1 interest another .
The person that doesn't think it is , should have the right to read the book .
That would be taking the rights for people away because a person finds it offensive .
The person might find the book useful because they want to learn about the topic more .
They will never get to learn about it if they take the book out because one person finds it offensive or doesn't like it .
I personally like watching movies or reading books that are thrilling and @MONTH1 have some violence in them .
If the library took these books or movies out because a mother saw her son or daughter read or waching then it would be wrong .
The mother would be taking away what I like to read and watch .
Thats not fair at all .
A way to solve this issue is to have certain areas for each type of age group ; therefore , they would be watching or reading types of things acceptable for their age group .
I understand the fact that some people take things offensively .
Also that they don't want their children to pick up a book or movie that isn't acceptable for their age group .
They have to understand though that sometime people like those type of things , and they are taking it away from the people who enjoy them .
It is like taking rights away from people because they don't agree with what is happening .
It wouldn't be right at all to take those books out of the library .
All people have different views about things .
You can't change a thing if one person doesn't like it .
People have rights to pick up a book if they want to or not .
Not everyone is the same , so not all people are going to think the same way .
I like things that some people might not like , that is just how human nature is