Over time , libraries have been used as a big resource when doing reports , researching , renting movies and simply trying to find something new to read .
They have been used as a gate way for an extensive world of reading and learning .
All libraries should have the right to have the content they please to have on thier shelves .
No book , music , movie , magazine , etc.
, should ever be denied a place on the shelve because of it's content .
Sex , drugs , violence .
There are many books over these topics that many people @MONTH1 find offensive or just completely oblivious .
Every mind is diffrent when it comes down to what it likes to read , watch or hear .
No mind is the same , so no mind will ever like exactly the same thing .
When ever someone wants to go buy a book about safe sex , it should not be denied to them because the library does not allow it .
It should be placed on a different section of the library .
Many books that people find as explicit content to them , @MONTH1 not be to others .
When i was in middle school , i heard alot about sex , and drugs .
I never knew what it felt like or how did it feel .
What i did know was that I could get accesible information from my local library .
What happens when a child wants to know more than she does ?
She looks , and researches it .
If i would have been denied the access to books about sex or drugs , I would have probabaly never been warned about the out comes or the seriousness of them both .
When you walk into a libraby and observe .
Not everyone is reading a book about rainbows , and unicorns .
Many people read books about the real life , books that they can relate to .
Many of those books that many people read are those that others calls explicit .
The purpose of a library is to have access to books , magazines , music , and movies of all kind of content , reguardless of others concerns .
Also , Libraries can do many things so that certain contents @MONTH1 not be near others .
They can organize there topics and genres .
Explicit , or eighteen or older books , movies , magazines or music @MONTH1 be placed in a back room or simply on another side of the library .
Far from the reach where kids and children are able to access .
In conclusion I believe with my strongly supportive ideas that books , magazines , music or movies should not be removed if found offensive because every book has a right on the shelve no matter what .
No book should be removed because someone @MONTH1 find it offensive .
If a person finds something offensive they should take it up with the author or publishers not the library for they only let people borrow the conten