Censorship is a topic that it strongly opinionated .
If one person does not like the content of a text , that person could might find themselves saying that they have to right to obstain from being able to view that text in a library , public location , or online source .
But what about the other people ?
Shouldn't they have a say too ?
Let's say that 'person one ' does not agree with the language in a text , but 'person two ' , perhaps does .
Which person has the benefit in @CAPS1 situation ?
Freedom of speech and expression are two factors that are very valued , and pherhaps sometimes even overlooked in our society .
In @CAPS1 case , both 'person one ' and 'person two ' are allowed have a right to say and think what they feel about the text .
Should 'person one ' still have the right to say that @CAPS1 text does not belong in a public location ?
Well , if every person had the right to remove something that they disagreed with from the public , there nothing would be left .
In such a large and diverse society , there is bound to be at least one person who does not agree with the content of a certain material of each and every lyric , magazing , book , and text that there is avalible .
Some might say that @CAPS1 is unfair to that one group who does not agree with the content of a material .
But how is that fair to the other group who actually do agree with that material ?
Freedom of speech and expression are still not being excluded from that group who does not agree with such material .
That group is still allowed to speak their opinions and takes on that particular material , as well as the people who do agree with the material .
Take iTunes for example .
If there is a song that has language and/or content that could be considered disrespectful to a person , there is a red tag by the song that says : 'explecit . '
@CAPS1 is an indecator that a person who could find foul language offensive , that such person should no buy that song .
There is also the compromise .
Quite often , if a song is tagged as 'explecit ' , the is usually an alternative of the same song .
That same song is then tagged with a gray tag that states : 'clean . '
A song being 'clean ' simply means that the song is still the same , but the considered to be disrespectful content is removed , or removed and replaced with different words that are not considered to be disrespectful .
Both parties are now satisfied with the so called : happy-median .
Take movies as another example .
Movies are rated based on their content .
The higher the rating , the more explecit such movie is .
Along with the rating , there is an explanation as to why that movie is rated the way that it is .
If you are a person who is careful about viewing things that are against your own opinions and beliefs , then by seeing the rating and explanation , such person knows that @CAPS1 material is not for them .
Again , the happy-median .
For every given case of a goup of people who do not agree with the terms of a certain content , the alternate group must be considered as well .
Both parties in @CAPS1 case are still able to say and express their own opinions .
So , should @CAPS1 context be removed from the eye of the public because a certain group of people do not agree with the content in it ?
No .
However , one must keep in mind the views and opinions that each person has on such material , and that person should still be respected for their take on that material