Have you ever got or check out a book or something that has been racial to you or you think it should have been censored ?
I haven't but I checked out a book before that had a lot of racism in it and sex .
Im not racist but some people are very racist .
Some of the book in libraries aren't sutible for some viewers but yet again the can check it out , some books , movies , magazings , and others should be taking in consideration on being removed so some viewers can't read them .
In libraries there are book that have alot of racism in them .
Some racism gets to be very bad in the book and it could intrest and provoke the young viewer to go down that road in a later life .
Which could be very bad if you think about it .
He could talk his friends into becoming what he is .
talk them into becoming racist towards others .
No mother or father wants their kids to be racist , but there are familys that are racist .
Which i don't get because we are all the same to me .
In some books in the library there is sex talk that accores in it .
Sometimes the sex talk gets into great detail which isn't sutible for young viewers , because they could get the idea that they want to try that with someone of a different genger .
Which is okay if ur older but if ur really young and reading a book with sex talk in it .
Well that's wrong because young kids shouldn't be introduced to that kind of life stile till later in life .
Some parents wouldn't like their kids to read that kind of book .
I know I won't let me kid read a book like that .
Music is something that everyone listens to , no matter is its rap , country , or the blues .
Certain people like certain kind of music .
Some people think that rap music is offensive and should be removed off the shelves .
Well rap music is based on their past and how their life is .
It does have some racism in it like certian rappers say bad words that aren't really sutible for young viewers .
Although some of the racism and cencorship that should be cencored are on shelves , I think it should be in a separete room so only older people can check it out or buy it , instead of the young kids getting a hold of it .
I believe that books should have racism in it because it shows how much we have changed from the past