There is a certain amount of responsibility when it comes to censoring all the different types of media and literature .
Deciding whose responsibility that is can be a difficult task .
Children can be strongly influenced by all media out there and making that material has been made easily accessible .
When someone comes of age to make decisions that affect their life then they should be able to .
Shop owners should be able to sell whatever they want in order to make a living .
When children go to a library usually they will not do so alone .
Parents can decide what their child is allowed to take home or not .
When a child comes to their parent with a book , movie , or magazine that is offensive or inappropriate it comes to the parent to decide whether or not they want their child to be exposed to that material .
If the parent allowed for their child to have access to offensive media then that can give the child the idea that what they are looking at or reading is alright .
If someone has come of age and has all the other freedoms that everyone else has they should be allowed to buy , read , and watch what they want .
To prove to someone that you are of age to have access to offensive material you should have to show some sort of identification proving it .
A shop owner or businessman/woman should be able to sell whatever he or she wants to in order to make a living as long as it stays within the boundaries of the law .
Having someone who does not work in the law or a person who is not a legal guardian or parent of someone who is not of age should not tell someone not to buy , read , or watch something just because it might be offensive or offend that one person .
I conclude that in order for a someone to tell another person not to buy or rent material that person would either have to be law enforcement or their legal guardian as long as they are not of age .
There is no reason why people should not be able to access material that is not against the law .
If someone is offended by some literature then they should try to make it against the law .