Censorship , thats a word that causes alot of arguements in today's society .
People have extremely different views on censorship throughout the world .
In some countries dictators do @CAPS4 allow their citizens to have internet access watch the news or in some more extreme cases @CAPS4 even watch television at all .
The majority of the time they do this because they do @CAPS4 want the citiznes of their country to know what is happening around the world .
This sets up a 'fish bowl ' environment meaning that people from other countries see all of the issues in that country but the people actually in the country have no idea whats going on around them .
Although we don't always see censorship in that extreme of a sense it is still plays a large part in today's society .
Everything from music on the radio to military files are censored .
Think about it , how often can you listen to a song on the radio that all of the original words are still intact ?
Arguements over censorships have gone back and forth for years without really making much prgress at all .
Each side of the arguement whether its for or against censorship is almost entirely opinionative .
No one can say for sure that censorship is completely needed or @CAPS4 .
It's just to hard to determine who's opinion is really , more convincing .
In my opinion I dont think anything should be consored , if the writer of a @CAPS1 show throws in a vulger word most likely it's for the effect that it has on people to show emotion .
The samething goes for songs , when an artist writes the lyrics to a song they are trying to convey a message and they use certain words that get their point across more effectively or more dramatically .
Parents argue that their children are seeing to much violence on @CAPS1 and are causing behavior problems along with other things , and that shows need to be more suiting for children .
There is an alternative to censoring all of these things , rather than 'ruining ' everyone's fun just dont let your kids watch that show .
In the @LOCATION1 today we have something called freedom , we exercise this right everyday with what we wear , and what we say .
I think that we should take that freedom and apply it to censorship .
Instead of complaining about violence in movies and sex on @CAPS1 you can make a decision simply to @CAPS4 watch that kind of show .
Everyone has the option to say NO ; if you dont want to hear or see something simply choose something else to watch , or even just do someting entirely different .
You DO @CAPS4 have to do anything that you don't want to do .
It's is an easy solution , all you have to do is exercise a right that you have had since the day you were born an just say no , I dont want to do that .
It's very simple and could potentially stop all debates on whether or @CAPS4 things need to be consored .