It seems as if inappropriate materials are found everywhere in today's world .
In magazines , in books , in the lyrics of music , the possibilities of where to sneak in offensive references are endless , and they certainly pop up everywhere these days .
But should your resources of where you find these materials be limited due to other people's morals or values ?
I disagree with this act , and I would like to tell you why I do .
All of us have different morals , values , and sences of what is right and what is wrong ; everyone's are different .
Maybe it's your religion or culture that keep you from these materials .
But why should your values and beliefs dictate what another person can or can not get from their library ?
I know I don't just speak for myself when I say I would be very annoyed if I couldn't get the books or materials I wanted or needed just because the person next to me doesn't agree with what is being found through researching it .
I do believe certain things should be seperated from other parts of the libraries .
For example , books that would be found offensive to children should be kept away from where children can pick out things in a library .
That is completely understandable .
But when things are being removed because certain peolpe don't agree with them or find them offensive , that is when things are going too far .
This nation was built on the grounds of freedom for what you believe in .
So why should we force others to believe something we think ?
Just because I find something offensive , doesn't mean the person next to me does , which is completely fine with me .
That is his or her own personal opinion , and what I believe should not keep him or her from learning about the things they would like to .
One way to fix this problem would be to seperate things that could possibly be found offensive into another section of the library and to put out a sign or paper saying what exactly can be found in that section .
In conclusion , no , I do not think libraries should be censored .
I know I could walk into my local library and find things I found offensive right now , but I would not want my own opinion to effect someone else's viewing of that material .
People should think about one another once in a while and not be so stuck on what they personally believe .
The world is an opinionated place , if it were not we would have nothing .
A library can be filled with usful materials , so the focus should be on what you can find in a library to help you , not on what is in the library that you do not want to see .
If you find something offensive , simply stay away from it , but don't try to take it away from the rest of the world .