I think that a cencorship in libraries isn't needed .
The grounds that are basing the cencorship are very opinionated and biased ones .
Two readers of one book could view the material compleately differently .
The reader has chosen to read that book , and thus more than likely know what the general plot is before they read the first page because of the summary on the back .
People can make their own decisions , and can therefor choose wether or not to read the book to begin with .
The books that would be found innapropriate or offensive would most likely be in teen novels or adult literature .
If this is the case , they should be mature enough to handle stumbling across the material , and or making the decision to put the book back and to not continue reading .
Saying that the material is unsuitable for a younger age group is correct , but at that age the children should be with @CAPS1 adult when checking out books anyway .
The material that people find unacceptable would almost certainly be in a novel that is intended for a mature audience , so if it is being read by a younger age group that would be the problem in and of it's self .
The teens and or adults whom would be reading such material is surely old enough to handle reading a few foul words and scattered inuendos thoughout the plot .
The material that @MONTH1 be found innapropriate or offensive @MONTH1 be viewed differently given two different audiences .
A teen in high school has probably heard worse in the halls durring passing ; @CAPS1 adult that is worring about what their children read has certainly been exposed to enough thoughout their lifetime to either look past the text or to put it away .
The material being called offensive just because of one person's views in not rite .
The tough situations and our surroundings are what prepair us for our futures .
A person seeing the bad in life would be more likely to do all in their power to make good of their futures and be more willing to help make shure it could be prevented .
Should the foul things in life be ignored ?
Should the child that is being beaten at home have to suffer in silence because it seems too graphic to tell ?
The man who became homeless , only to turn his life around because he learned from his past , should that story not be told only because the troubles he had to face seem too disturbing ?
I believe that these are the stories that need told the most , in @CAPS1 attempt to teach those around us how to prevent , and how to move past the troubles in life .
There will always be things that we wish not to see in life .
But is it not our actions that follow seeing such misfortunes that determine who we are .
The libraries should not be put on a cencorship , but open to the public that wish to dive in to these stories .
Books are written for a purpose , and that purpose @MONTH1 just be to let people know that these things are happening , and if one thinks they are alone in these strifes that they are not