BOOKSDear @PERSON1 , @CAPS1 @CAPS2 staring to tell you about the books in the libraries that some adults find offensive so for the kids .
These books should be taken away so kids won't read them , second part is adults should protest so the libraries could get does maganzines away or etc , and my last thing is @CAPS4 do libraries get these books and let kids take them so they could read them.The first example @CAPS2 giving is I founded some books and other things that I search being offensive for kids .
And the libraries letting kids read them without an I.D because they are for adults reading sections .
These books need to be away so kids won't read offensive things or trying to them .
They should pbs books so under age children could read and so parents don't have to be worry about there kids what they are reading in there free time.The second example is parents should protest so books or other etc things could be rid of .
Parents need to protest so any thing they find offensive should get off of the shelve .
Or another thing is they will have to make a list of what books are offensive and let only adults read them by having an I.D and could sound a little better so books or etc don't get rid of the books.The last example is @CAPS4 do libraries let kids take them home and read them.They should what kids need to read like educational books for school or for other things .
Adults need to see what there kids read this days .
Kids need to understand what books are good for them from there age and otherwise their brain will start confusing them at their age.The conclusion is that libraries need to make something up so children don't read these kind of books that the only thing will do is mess up with there brain and then there parents will need to pay so their children could take therapy and others kids so their brain could be better .
So please libraries do something so parents don't need to worry about what there kids read these days .
Like for me I won't like my kid read offensive things because they will start doin the same things so libraries do something about these on offensive things .