The library is known to be a place full of dreams and imagination .
For some , the library is a sanction where you can escape reality and dive into a book where anything is possible .
the library is full of many books for all ages .
Therefore , books that are classified for one age group , @MONTH1 not be appropriate for another age group .
This is where a problem occurs .
If the library chooses to keep books in it that are only appropriate for certain ages groups , various problems can occur .
The three main issues with this situation are young children can access magazines they have no buissness looking at , some articles or books can be found offensive to some races creating an uproar , and also events and instances played out in books @MONTH1 not be appropriate for all age groups.We have to think about books we have read , and contemplate if we would want others to read it as well .
Young children are often daily visitors of the library .
Most run aroud the library getting into any and all books or magazines the happent to come across .
This is not always good .
Int he library there are many magazines that are meant for adult eyes only .
My family has had an experiance with this sort of situation before .
My mother , brother , and myself visited the library one evening .
While my mother and I searched the library chaotically , my younger brother found hisself , searching the magazine rack for something to keep his mind occupied .
Well his mission was accomplished .
On his search my younger brother had found himself a sports illustrated magazine .
Inside there were pictures revealed that my mother was not to happy about my brother seeing .
Instances like this happy everyday int he local library .
staff members should think to put revealing works up to where the younger generation can not find them .
Throughout the library , there are many books dealing with past historic events .
Although many find these books helpful and interesting , some find these books to be quite offensive.ome races have undergone painful events in history .
Many of those people do not want to relive the painful past experiances .
It is in my opinion that the library should oblige by the people , and take in reference how different people feel about certain books .
When i was a young girl in elementary school , I remember doing a whole unit on slavery and the underground railroad .
While studing the unit , we were assigned a research assignment over the lesson .
I choose to visit the library in search for books I could use to gather more information .
While searching the library , I came across a book that my mother and I felt should not of been where younger people could see .
the book enclosed many horrible acts against black people .
This is a book that at my age , I should of never came across .
For me reading books helps me escape the real world and catch a break .
When I relax and enjoy a good book , I can't help but feel like nothing inthe world can touch me .
Although I love reading books , I don't like when I come begin reading a book then have to hault because the book reveals events that I shouldn't be reading .
One book I read , was definitley not appropriate for me .
Although I found the book , in the young adult section , the book I read revealed a young girl encoutering many rapes and beatings .
Now that I look back , that is a book that i might enjoy now , @NUM1 years later , but I don't feel i should have encountered that book then .
What books should and shouldn't be encountered in the library is surely a never ending feud .
Many believe that books should be taken out if they are not appropriate for all audiences .
I think that if the inappropriate books that should not be viewed by all ages , were put away to where the younger audience couldn't get them , then the never ending feud might be able to be put to rest