Katherine Paterson , a well-known author , presents an idea with which I strongly agree .
She states , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf left for any of us . '
If everyone has the right to remove certain books that they find inappropriate , there @MONTH1 not be anything left for people to read .
Although it is a good thing for parents to have a voice and stand up for what they believe , books should not be banned .
Many people have different views on what is right and wrong .
Some @MONTH1 suggest that a certain book is obscene , while others @MONTH1 be offended by a different book .
If every parent had the right to get a book banned , there @MONTH1 come a time when no books meet the approval of the parent .
Some of these books present great learning opportunities to students .
Books often allow students to think in different , new ways .
They can learn from a new point of view .
Often times , a student can look at his or her own morals and values , which is a good thing .
If a teacher finds a book which they think is appropriate , parents should respect the decision of this teacher .
They @MONTH1 suggest another reading , or offer other ideas , but to go as far as getting the book completely removed is not right .
While removing books for reading @MONTH1 be going to far , things such as movies could go the other direction .
Personally , my parents would be horrified to see grotesque , inappropriate movies set out in broad daylight where everyone can look at them .
I think that this difference between books and movies is a simple thing : Books do not normally have an inappropriate cover , while bad movies often do .
Because of this , even the people who do not wish to view the movie are often forced to see images which they find disturbing .
If one was to walk past a book they did not intend to read , they do not have to be apalled at the cover as they pass .
Although parents care about the things their children read , books should not be banned .
Although other things @MONTH1 have affects on youth , books are a different story .
They allow one's self to dive deep into thought , to make observations , and to form opinions .
They are a key to growing , learning , and discovering .