There are so many books and magazines , music , and movies to be discovered in this world .
Some are funny , sad , wierd , scary , etc .
And then there are some that are questionable to others on wheather it was even nessecary to even put the the material on the shelf of a library in the first place .
I for one am not one of those people who would question a book , magazine , movie or music .
I believe that everyone's voice needs to be heard somehow and if we all take a voice away that we do not like , then we will lose a lot of voices .
We are all entitled to our own opinion .
When it comes to some things some are more opinionated than other , but in the end we all have something that we feel strongly about .
There are some people who want to express their feelings with the whole world with people that understand and agree with what they feel .
If we take that away from people , then how will we all connect ?
Some things @MONTH1 come across as offensive to others , but who has the right to say that something should not be shared with the rest of the world .
I have observed that when people have the same interests in things like music , books , or movies then it gives people a way to come together and talk about something .
I have witnessed at concerts everybody seems to connect because we are all there for the same reason , to see the band or person that we all like to listen to .
Everybodys different and likes to have their own personal preference on something .
Like Katherine Paterson once said , 'But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
I think she was trying to say that if we all take a book off the shelf that we do not think should be on there , then there is going to be nothing left for anybody to read .
Then what will we do ?
Theres such a variety of materials that are needed to be discovered wheather it is a book , music , or movie everyone has their own special type that they enjoy .
I do not think that censorship is a good idea for any sort of material on a shelf .
Theses materials are what keep people connected with each other .
I think it is very important to not censor anything because it does not just give the writer a voice , it give a voice for the people that agree with the material of the book , movie , or music