There are many books , movies , and music in the libraries .
These things can come in so many varities .
Have you ever been to a library and not found something you liked ?
Well most people find a lot of things that intrest them in many ways .
Many people come to a library a day to check out something they will enjoy and have a good time listing , reading , or watching .
So many people are diferent and each person likes something diferent from one another .
So the question is , 'Should we remove some books , music , and movies off the shelfs because they 're offensive ? '
From experince , yes there are things at a library that children or younger teenagers should not read , hear , or see .
Though that most libraries split a lot of there sections up by ages .
Depending on your age you should go to the sections that mostly provides the thing you want .
Do not go to a place that provides something that is not your age group , instead go to the place that looks like you belong .
I personally have seen younger teens or children get a book or magaizine that was not there age group , but @CAPS1 that children wanted to look up on that thing .
You have to understand that most younger teens and children are curious about many things before they even get to that age .
As a parent or legal gardian , most children look up to you .
@CAPS1 you read , listin , or watch something that is not to there age level , but the child wants to be just like you .
Children look up to there parents or legal gardian .
They want to @CAPS1 do the same thing you do , so they copy you .
They will find soemthing that is similar to what you doing .
They might go find a book , movie , or cd that is not there age group .
They will do this all because @CAPS1 they want to be just like there parents or gardian .
So as a parent or gardian you have to watch what you do also and try to set good examples to you children so they do not find offensive books or ect ..
There are so many reason why people might think some things are offensive .
Even though we are the reason why books and other things are brought into libraries today .
Children today are growing up a lot faster then we want them to , but sometimes we can not stop that .
Just set good examples to children or any person not to get a book , movie , or music that is not there age group .
Libraries can be a fun and learning enviroment for everyone .
Just sometimes we all do not think a like or like the same stuff .
There are just to many people in this world and I have read articles about libraries .
I have read why libraries might not be a family place anymore all because of the varities they carry .
Have you ever thought though , ' @CAPS1 its use humans that makes the libraries carry these varities ? '
I think so , because we are what makes up a library .
We the people are the ones that want these books , movies , magazines , and music .
So think about it next time you walk into a library and you see something that you @CAPS1 not think is right .
Think about how @CAPS1 someone @CAPS1 really likes that .
We all need to except things if we like it or not at times .
Just set good examples to help people not get those things that could be offensive