Libraries should have whatever they want in the library .
Everyone has their on thoughts on things .
If you don't like what they have on there shelfs then don't go there any more or pick up something you like .
Everyone is different so you can't just take offensive stuff off the shelves , it might be offensive to one person , but not to someone else .
Materials , such as book , music , movies , magazines you can't just start taking stuff of the shelves just because there offensived you .
The only way I would say take books or magazines off the shelves is if the facts are not right .
Libraries hold almost anything anybody needs materials , books , music , movies , magazines and everythings for facts .
So don't start taking stuff off your shelves .
Teenagers might have to write a paper about something that people think is affensive , if you don't have everything in the library then we won't have good facts .
No one in this world agrees on anything , all you would be doing would be picking a fight if you taking of offensive.Libraries are open to any one that wants to read about almost anything they want to read about .
Music everybody has there on type of music you can't just start taking music of because you think it's offensive .
Most people have there own type of everything .
Children is there own person you can keep them from whatever you want to , the thing is you can't hold them back in life .
They get older you won't be able to tell them want to do or want not to do .
If you keep them from a book or etc they might end up reading it in the long run .
Keep you kids safe is inpormant I understand your kids are going to expirects things you don't want them to .
Just by taking offensive stuff of the shelves doesn't mean your kids won't fine them some where else .
I could understand if the books or magazines were offensive to you because it was about your family , But of time your going to have offensive come up in your life .
That means your going to have to not let it get under you skin or get over it .
Things get under people skin to easy .
This is why the world don't get along .
If you don't like something don't me around it .
Fine something unless to read about .
Thats what I do if I don't like something .