Libraries provide us with knowledge , entertainment , and peace .
You can go there to learn and to do research if you have to write a paper .
You can rent movies , music , and books at your pleasure as long as you take care of them .
Also , if you 're just having a hectic day and need some peace and quiet , libraries become a perfect get away .
But , heres the truth .
Many people find certain things in libraries to be offensive and would rather them not be on the shevles .
So , do we remove these things or let them stay ?
My opinion is to let them stay .
I believe that books are too important to throw out just because they @MONTH1 contain a few vulgar words or images .
It's the same with magazines and movies .
Also , music is changing as the years go on and many people , especially elders , don't enjoy listening to this new style of music .
Just because one person my find something offensive , doesn't mean everyone else will .
People have many different views when it comes to these things .
Take history for example .
Many history books contain harsh , real life facts about things that went on in the past .
A song , book , or movie about slavery can cause some people to be offended .
Whether it's because the person opposes slavery greatly or they believe that slavery was a good thing , people have different feelings towards it .
Another good example is movies .
Some people @MONTH1 find a movie offensive because of words said or if a certain person dies first , while others could care less .
Additionally , many things that are found offensive to one person can make something more interesting to someone else .
There are many movies nowdays that can be seen as very offensive .
But honestly , the offensive things happening @MONTH1 just make someone else want to know more about what's going on .
It is practically the same with books .
I myself have read plenty of things that would make some people cry or even get really mad or disgusted .
Even though in the end , I lfind them to be exceptionally books .
It just on how you view it .
So , should things that are found offensive to one person be removed from a library ?
The answer is no .
There are just too many things that can be taken offensively .
If you start taking away these things , libraries are only going to become vacant .
Younger people will stop coming because materials will be less interesting .
You will lose artifacts and stories about the history of the world .
There will also only be so many books to read , if ever a non-offensive book could even be found .
My advise to libraries , keep materials that can be found extremely offensive in their own area , away from younger people who @MONTH1 react strongly .
Maybe even put a sticker on the book , if possible , letting people know just what they 're dealing with