Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work I adhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
I believe that the books and other items should stay in the shelves of the library that censorship in libriaries is unnecessary .
As Katherine Paterson stated there will be no books left on the shelves if you take every book off that someone in the @CAPS1 finds offensive .
What is offensive to one person @MONTH1 not be considered offensive in another persons point of view .
Children , teens , and adults have their own right to choose whatever book they want to read , movie they want to watch , or music they want to listen to .
If it is a child or a young teen then I believe that the parents should have a say in what their children read or watch .
In my case I am not allowed to listen to offensive music or watch rated @CAPS2 movies but that shouldn't mean that it should be taken off the shelves of the library .
Just because that is what my family believes to be right does not mean it is the only wat to live .
A person has their own rights to choose what they want to read , watch , or listen to .
They can make the choice by the way they have been raised or just because that is what they think is right or wrong .
If they think that a book is offensive then they don't have to read it , they have the right to say no and put the book back on the self .
If they think that the book is approriate then they can read it and there is no law stating that they have to share the book with anyone else .
If there is a book out there that is offensive in your view and you read it there is no reason you have to agree with it .
Every person is free to disagree with anything they want to disagree with .
If you are a parent to a child and you are uncomfortable with them reading , listening , or watching something that is offensive you should set the rules early in life with them .
Parents should make sure that their children are not reading inappropriate things or listening to offensive music or watching @NUM1 or rated @CAPS2 movies .
Therefore , if you are comfortable with your children seeing and hearing offensive things then you don't have to worry about what is out there in the @CAPS1.The things that your children are watching , reading , listening to isn't a problem and if it becomes a problem in the parents eyes then they have the right to stop the children from reading the offensive books or watching the bad movies and listening to the music that the view as offensive .
Every parent and family is different , as long as your child knows the rules and what you believe in then there is no need for censorship in libraries .
In my family I am not allowed to listen to offensive music .
Offensive music in my house is considered music with curse words in the lyrics .
The words that my family considers offensive @MONTH1 be different then what other families consider offensive .
I know that I don't want to and can't listen to those certain songs but that does not mean that I can't be friends or be around people that listen to that kind of music .
Just because that is what my family believes in does not mean that it should be taken of the shelves of the library or any other place .
What my family believes in @MONTH1 not be the right thing in another familys view .
Every person has their own right and if they want to listen to that music then they should be able to .
My family also believes that at my age right now I should not watch rated @CAPS2 movies .
If you took all the rated @CAPS2 movies off the shelves , then half the movies would be gone and that is not fair to the people who enjoy rated @CAPS2 movies .
What my family believes @MONTH1 not be what other families believe in .
I know what I stand for and I will do what I think is right and I won't listen to offenesive music or watch rated @CAPS2 movies .
In no way though does that mean that other children , teens , adults shouldn't enjoy that kind of music and those movies .
In conclusion , I believe that censorship should not be used in libraries .
It is every persons own right and they are capable on making decisions that they think are the right thing to do .
Parents also have a say in what they want their children to watch , read , or listen to .
They can montor what their children are reading , watching , or listening to and if they find it offensive they can stop their children .
It is not necessary to take the items off the shelf .
In my family , my parents find some types of music and movies offensive and I know when I go to the library or any other place that I won't get those items .
I will get the music and movies I enjoy and find age appropriate .
Just as in @PERSON2's quote everyone has the same rights and if we all take the items we think are offensive off the shelves , then there will be nothing left on the shelves .
Everyone has a different point of view and no one person has the correct or wrong point of view that the @CAPS1 has to follow