Offensive media is everywhere .
From books to music lyrics , our culture embraces us with it .
Children that see inappropriate media can pick up bad behavior .
This can then lead to a child having a hard time associating with his peers .
Adults are also affected by inappropriate media if they see their favorite celebrity or any other role model use inappropriate behavior .
This could make an adult emotionally unhealthy and they @MONTH1 become violent or depressed .
Finally , our world could be better if offensive media were abolished altogether .
People's lives could be enriched with good , clean entertainment instead of being corrupted with inappropriate media .
One can clearly see that offensive media must be pulled from our country's libraries immediatley .
Inappropriate media is surrounding us daily , including children .
What children see they imitate , even in the first couple years of their lives .
So if they hear a swear word on t.v or see someone doing drugs , they @MONTH1 imitate it .
Clearly this is inappropriate behavior for a child .
If the child is exposed to inappropriate media , for a long period of time , they @MONTH1 think that it is ok to use it in everyday life .
Their social skills and mind is being corrupted because of offensive media .
Libraries should pull inappropriate media off of their shelves because it can corrupt a child's mind .
Another reason why libraries should pull off offensive media is because adults can pick up different offensive habits as well .
Just as children can pick up the offensive habit of swearing , so can adults if they are exposed to it for a long period of time .
Besides swearing , adults can also think that killing someone is ok because they saw it in a movie .
They could then pick up a violent weapon and try to kill someone if they are angry .
This is not a healthy way to express your feelings towards someone if they are making you angry .
Our country's libraries should pull off inappropriate media from their shelves because it can turn adults into being emotionally unhealthy .
Finally , inappropriate media should be pulled off library shelves because our world could be a better place without it .
Media is one of the root causes of why people act the way they do .
If they see their favorite celebrity getting arrested for a @CAPS1 in a magazine , they @MONTH1 think that it is ok to drink and drive .
Another example is if people read about someone doing drugs in a book , they @MONTH1 want to try and experiment with drugs themselves .
This can lead to people doing crazy things that can be harmful to other lives around them .
Offensive media is almost anywhere .
When children see inappropriate media , they @MONTH1 think that it is ok to imitate it .
Adults , when exposed to enough offensive media , can pick up nasty habits like swearing , killing or doing drugs which , inturn , can lead to to being emotionally unhealthy .
With out inappropriate media on our library shelves , our world would be a better place .
We would have less conflict , less deaths , and better lives that are enriched , not corrupted , with quality media .
Millions of lives could be made better if libraries pulled off inappropriate media from their shelves