Censorship in the world is getting worse everyday .
Many people believe that some material is unsuitable .
I believe that if it is unsuitable for others does not make it unsuitable for some .
I believe people have the right to read , watch , or listen to what they want as long as it is not breaking any laws .
I am torn on this topic because I am against censorship , but I am also for it when laws are being broken .
I believe that people should have the right to read whatever they want .
Granted , some people read very incriminating books that could get them in a lot of trouble , but not everyone should be punished for another persons mistake .
Sometimes you hear about terrorist groups and other illegal groups , but usually they do not market to everyday people .
I think that when it becomes a threat to the @LOCATION1 they should remove material .
Another simple fact is that the constitution @LOCATION1 that we have the freedom of @CAPS1 , which basically means we @MONTH1 print and read whatever we want .
Many people depend on the constitution to make their lives seem safer and sometimes there is a book , article , movie , or a song that goes beyond our limits .
I believe that some people use materials wrongly sometimes to get ahead and to make a name for themselves .
I just think that people should write for the pure joy of it , not to persuade people to do something bad , or give bad thoughts or ideas .
The government has the right to control what we partake in , but does that seem fair ?
I understand thier logic behind this matter , but just because it has offensive matter does not mean they should remove it from society .
I believe that if people want to experience it they should be able to without wondering if it will gone the next day .
If people do not agree with this 'offensive ' matter , then they should not take part in it .
This is a true enough statement that it just makes you wonder about their logic .
So , does the government have the right to say what we can and can not read ?
I don't believe so , but that is my opinion .
I believe that people should read whatever they so choose to and should not think they are breaking laws for some 'offensive ' material .
Freedom of the @CAPS1 is what people have to look up to for the government , but how are people supposed to feel secure when they are reading a book , watching a movie , or listening to music that @MONTH1 be assumed 'offensive ' .