When it comes to censorship I believe that very few things should be removed .
Just because it is found offensive by some does not mean it is offensive to all .
A material should only be removed if and only if that material offends an over ruling majority of people .
If you find it offensive just ignore it you don't have to buy it .
Maybe somebody else finds it interesting and it comtains the information that they have been seeking .
When it comes to books , music , movies or magazines I believe almost anything should be allowed except for material that depicts nudity or drugs and alcohol .
Other than that a little cursing here and there and some violence is perfectly acceptable , but it should probably be kept from small children if it's to bad .
Usually if a child is exposed to that type of material they usually grow up believing that whatever they saw as a child is completly acceptable .
Sometimes it's violence sometimes it's other things like drugs or alcohol , whatever the case @MONTH1 be .
Many parents believe that certain material should be banned because it exposes their child to bad morals .
But my belief is that if your a good parent then shouldn't have to worry about that type of stuff .
If you really do not want your child to be of any part of it then take actions to do such .
For example if you don't want your child watching a certain television show then block it .
Don't just think they won't watch it and then when they do you get mad at the people who created the show .
It's not their fault maybe you as a parent should have made sure in the first place that your child did not see that material .
There are some people out there that believe that if any material depicts anything bad then it should be removed .
But what I believe is that this is @LOCATION1 and people can read and write whatever they want , and if you have something to say about it then that's fine by me you can believe whatever you would like to believe .
People should be able to keep their freedom of speech and be creative without being ridiculed by people