My thoughts on censorship in libraries is yes some books , music , movies , magazines , and etc.
, should be taken off of the shelves if they are offensive .
If they are left on the shelves some very small child or teens could come up and reach for a book and find that it has bad things in it that are ment for adults .
The child will ask the caregiver that they are with ' @CAPS1 does this picture mean ?
'
, and they will most likely not know @CAPS1 to say at that moment .
Parents and caregivers are not always up to explaining or want to explain as soon as they have to about things sometimes .
Everyone goes through life with different things they have to learn at different rates .
Somethings should be taught when we young like how to brush our teeth , but somethings should be left until we are older like having babies or drinking .
When parents going through the explaination of something like making babies you do not want it to be when they are only five years old .
With books in a library with pictures of men and women questions like that do get asked to young .
Libraries are public places and should be safe for any age no matter whether they are young babies or adults .
Public schools have libraries in them also , and i would not want a child reading a @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 book with bad or offensive things in it .
It does not just have to be a book with bad things in it , but it could also be something to do with religions .
Everyone has their thoughts and comments on at least one religion .
If you have grown up a @CAPS4 your whole life , and a kid picks up a book dealing with jews they will ask someone about it .
Young kids and teens can always find things that they should notat certain ages , but why not make it less by not letting a library be censorshiped ?
When you were younger your parent did not want to take you to the library and be asked an offensive question because of a book , music , movie , or magazine .
It has worked for so many years , so we should not have to change it now .