Books , movies , music , and even @CAPS1 are all important in this life , and enviorment of ours .
They all have a learning process .
When you read you learn , when you watch a movie you learn , even when you listen to music you can learn .
Weather its about past present or future , everyone has the right to learn it's part of being a citizen .
Speaking of all this I belive just beacuse one book , or one movie makes someone uncomfortable i dont think that you should take that away .
Thats not only taking away from your kid , or yourself thats taking away from everyone else .
Just like the book huckleberry fin it's a wonderful book i love it because it's about the old days where they still belived in slavery , and there were still some good-hearted people around .
This book to some would be very offensive beacuse of the fact it has the word nigger in it one-hundered and twenty-seven times .
In fact last year at my school a mother tried to get it taken out , because she didnt want her son to read it he was actually a mixed boy but thankfully the committee saved it and it's still here .
That's our history and everyone needs to learn some of it , weather it's offensive or not .
As well as movies that can and mostly likely is offensive to people , they still should not have that stuff taken off either , like I said earlier thats taking away from everyone else .
If you dont wan na see it then dont buy it , or if something that you find innapropriate comes on just change the channel .
History is important and I dont think people should keep you from your right as a citizen and deprive you from learning what you wan na learn or need to learn for the future .
Now the music part i can understand , some @MONTH1 be a little innapropiate for younger listeners so like i said before again change the station or dont buy that @CAPS2 .
Dont deprive people of what they wan na learn , watch or listen to .
People that feel offended or embrassed should be ashamed of them self because that is very selfish , and rude .
No one should be ashamed of who they are or any movie that describes the old days in the way it actually happened , if they put it in the nice way then it would all just be a lie .
That's why I dont belive in censorship .
It should not happen , any book , movie , magazine , @CAPS2 should be available to who wants it