People see libraries as a good place for knowlodge and just an information place , many people like them and some dread of the fact of hearing the word , ' @CAPS1 ' .
To be honust I only know a handful of people who use libraries in my life as a source for information now days but ; Can some information from libraries be offencive to others ?
The answer is based by your own opinion to be quite honust , but yes I think some iformation that can be picked up from your local @CAPS1 can be rather , disturbing 'per say ' .
Theres books and information that you wish you would have never picked up in your whole life , then again thats everywhere .
Now music and movies etc .
is sort of the same way , some @MONTH1 not agree with what he/she picks out and you know they might be interested in .
Can it be offencive to people ?
The answer is of coarse it can , but because people will be people .
You @MONTH1 not agree on something , but your friend might think entirely different from what you are thinking , everyone is titled to their opinion on anything , well normally .
Now if they have graphic movies or explicit music on the shelf where your little son/daughter can just grab , I could see that as a major issue .
Some parents do not want their children listening to that music at such a young age , even though the way things are in america your child will hear or see those things , it's life .
If that is the case where a five year old can pull a graphic movie or a cd that a parent doesn't want them to see or hear , then I do'nt nessasarily think it should be banned from the @CAPS1 .
I believe it should be handled well mannered and it should be moved , to a not so easy reach to a five year old .
These are common arguements people have , about many places and about simular disagreements .
Yes , I agree some things found in a @CAPS1 can be found offencive to some but my answer stays as , 'No ' it shouldn't be removed unless it really is that offencive .
If there is something that offencive in the @CAPS1 and mutiple people find it offencive in the community , I would take it to the people in charge of the local @CAPS1