Some people @MONTH1 think that certain book , movies , magazines , or music should be removed from libraries because they @MONTH1 be found offensive .
I believe that libraries should not rid their shelves of 'offensive ' material .
What really makes something offensive ?
If someone were to tell me that it looked as if I 've lost weight , I would find that offensive .
The person wouldn't have meant it that way , though .
Although I would have found it slighly rude , another person @MONTH1 have found it to be a nice compliment .
With this logic , can one really conclude that anything is truely offensive ?
By saying something is offensive , you 're stating your own opinion .
Even if they aren't the same as everyone else's , everyone is intitled to their own opinions ; equality is something most people find very important .
Because of this , one person's definiton of offensive shouldn't be held higher than another's .
If we rid libraries of 'offensive ' material , that is exactly what you would be doing ; you 'd be making one person's definition of offensive superior to another person's .
I also believe libraries should not get rid of 'offensive ' material because by doing so , they would probably be getting rid of a lot of interesting material .
Let's use my religious beliefs for an example .
I am @CAPS1 @CAPS2 .
Basically , I do not believe in ' @CAPS3 ' .
If someone were to write a book about my religion , I would find it interesting .
Some @CAPS4 @MONTH1 find it to be offensive , though .
So if a library got rid of that book because someone found it offensive , I wouldn't want to go there as often .
When I go to a library , I want to find a book that I 'd enjoy reading .
If all the material that is found offensive was taken out of the library , would there really be anything left ?
If so , I doubt many people would find it interesting .
I also believe this because by taking a book off the shelf because you find it offensive , wouldn't you be offending the author ?
As I said before , everyone is intitled to their own opinions .
Because of this , libraries should allow authors to speak their minds .
By taking their books off the shelves , you 'd be offending them .
They took their time and effort to think about and write that book , and for you to offend them by taking it off the shelf , you 'd be controdicting the entire purpose of removing it from the shelf .
In conclusion , I believe that nothing can truely be defined as offensive .
Also , people should be able to speak their minds .
Therefore , libraries should not attempt to rid there shelves of 'offensive ' material