Censorship is important .
Especially pertaining to what books , magazines , movies , and music almost all people are reading , watching , and listening to .
Some of the media such as books and magazines and such in libraries everywhere can be highly offensive to certain people or can send off the wrong message to children and teens .
So , should we take them off the shelves ?
I personally think no , most media aspects that are on the shelves in libraries can be very offensive to people , but alot of it has to do with people's opinions .
The readers are the ones that are claiming that the books and other media aspects in libraries are offensive .
The authors and directors and singers just do what they do , and the judgement and opinions all come from the people , fans , and critics .
We shouldn't be taking it all off library shelves just because it is offensive to some people .
This leads back to the quote from Katherine Paterson when she states : 'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
We can't take everything off the shelves because everyone's opinions are different so if we censor everything , there won't be anything left .
Right now , they are doing a good job with censoring everything such as putting a rating on video games , and movies .
Rated @CAPS1 movies are known to be for adult watchers and same goes for video games .
Music they play on the radio is censored of all the foul language , so they make an effort .
That leaves people the choice to watch , listen , or read the things they want , and they have to know beforehand that it might offend them .
Although sometimes people think censoring those media aspects is not enough censorship , that's about all that can be done to not offend others .
By taking everything off the shelves because of people's opinions , it could potentially make someone else angry or them being lacked of the things they want to read or watch .
Censorship can be wholesome without removing all media off the shelves and in the world