Should certain materials be removed from our library shelves just because it has uncensored materials inside of it ?
My opinion is no , actually heck no !
Now don't get me wrong , but I 'm not the type of person that likes reading materials like that all the time , but every once in a while there is a really good book or magazine I would like to read that is uncensored .
The bad thing is that I am told I can not just because it says something or shows a picture of something a teenager supposidly shouldn't be seeing .
One of my main questions on this material is why are they allowed to show statues of the early roman times in our history books but not materials we hear and see on a daily bases ?
Half of the time the statues are of a naked person .
I don't see why that is allowed but other materials about our times are not .
We are in the time period were people are open that it doesn't bother them to see that stuff .
Yes , some materials are not suited for teenagers my age , but honestly I hear offensive things all the time when I walk through the halls in my high school .
Someone @MONTH1 have an opinion about how the material is offensive , but if its so offisive why do they bother even complaining or thinking about it .
Yes , everyone has a right to their own opinion , but thats there opinion and that doesn't make them always right .
That person can have there opinion but other people have opinions that might oppose the other persons opinion .
Does that make them wrong ?
You will never know because everyone has there own and who knows whose opinion is right .
Another statement I would like to just throw out there is that we teenagers are learning to make our own decisions because in the near future we are going to be adults and have to make those choices on our own .
So , just let us choose if we would like to read material with uncensored things in it .
It is our choice , why can't we just choose it without people telling us we can not .
I still do not see why it is such a big deal of reading uncensored material .
Why can't they just allow the materials in our libraries .
Don't make any decisions for us because we can do it ourselves , we are learning how to be more adult like , right ?