@NUM1ed The censorship of certain media is such a controversial topic .
Whether a certain piece of material is considered offensive and should be censored or not is more often opinionated rather than logically opposed , because it really does all come down to someone's opinion on this matter .
It is too difficult for most people to step in someone else's shoes or be persuaded from a viewpoint different from their own or even escape pressures from the general public to consider something else .
Things get censored for a lot of reasons , too !
Sometimes they 're just so intentionally offensive that perhaps the author or producer wants it to be censored or would appreciate the controversy , or that a new view or opinion is so radical and against a majority of the population that it is just considered offensive for being so different .
Well , when does someone have a right to take a song off the air or pull a book permanently from a shelf ?
The first thing that needs to be contemplated is if something is offensive or not .
There are extremes to pieces of media where one sometimes must ask , ' @CAPS1 were they thinking when they made that ? '
A movie being so outrageously graphic or violent is a fine example ( although the same thing can happen in books , just with words instead of pictures ) .
At the same time though , whether or not something you might think as unnecessary gore in a film might just be @CAPS1 I 'm excited to see when I go to the cinema - it's all opinionated !
Another interesting thought is that somebody might come up with a revolutionary , radical scientific theory and write a whole novel or film a documentary explaining it all , but certain groups of people might claim that it is offensive to them .
However , we might investigate into that theory ourselves and not be offended in the slightest .
This is understandable though , people grow up in an environment that has its own set of ethics and principles , and people will honestly believe them and probably stick with those fundamentals throughout their lifetime .
If you go against someone's beliefs that they hold so dear like that , they would of course be offensive to them .
Does that mean that the something should be censored just because it offends a couple of groups in a population ?
Whether or not something is to be torn from the access of the public is left up to the opinions of the general public themselves .
The opinion of the public is created by the current time , trends , ethics , and problems that are going on .
When something goes against too many of those things , people get upset .
If most people are upset by something , it will probably start disappearing from sight .
It's bad for business , and libraries are losing customers already due to most people not having an urge to read anymore with all of the stuff that you can do otherwise .
Certain things can just put a bad taste in your mouth , and if someone gets that too often when they go to a library , they probably won't go there anymore .
So when it comes down to censorship in libraries , or anywhere , its just a bunch of opinions .
If the general public does not like something , it will stop showing up .
Certain books or other pieces of media are asking for the controversy that many subjects bring , while others are just unintentionally going against certain groups of people .
People's beliefs are determined by where they grew up and when , and they 'll hold on to those things for their lifetime .
If something goes against those , people will be offended , and if enough people are upset , it gets taken away