Isn't it shocking that some books , music , movies and magazines you find on your library shelf today aren't appropriate for the little ones .
I believe that if you have to question whether a child should be listening or viewing this item then it shouldn't be in or around a child section at all .
Some content could be offensive to not just children but also to teenagers and adults .
Some music @MONTH1 contain words that are children shouldn't be exposed to .
Music such as hip/hop and rap @MONTH1 contain degrading comments to men and/or women .
I wouldn't want my child listening to this type of music , or reading any book that talks about it .
Music @MONTH1 also be offensive to cultures , religion , sexual orientation and race .
Books or music with comments such as that should have notes written on them stating what they contain .
I was reading a book called ' @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 ' , that i had picked up in the child section .
After the first chapter I had wondered who who call this a children book .
The character was using profanity and talking about sex the whole time .
My child shouldn't be looking for a book on pie then find out its not about pie .
I once was watching a movie with my two year old that we got from the library .
The movie was full of inappropriate words , therefore I had to shut it off .
Movies like that should not be on the shelf at the library for my child to view .
I now have to worry about what we check out .
I also have had a few bad reading experiences .
Magazines is a big one .
Some magazines @MONTH1 contain content such as innappropriate pictures and words .
Magazines should stay at the grocery store rather then a library that I take my child to .
Books , music , movies and magazines should stay out of the childrens section if they are only meant for adult viewing keep them in the adult section .
Any parent would tell you that they don't agree with some of the stuff on your local library shelf today .
Offendsive content shouldn't be found in the library at all .
I know now to keep a better eye on what my child is reading .