'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
- @PERSON1 If one thinks about it books are such a magical escape from everday life .
They can take one anywhere they want to go at anytime .
Imagine a world where books are a luxury or where they are simply not present at all.I feel as if this would become an all too real reality if we censor books .
Where would the line be drawn saying a book is unfit to be @CAPS5 or placed into circulation .
This would hold the world back since we could not express ourselves through our writing .
So much would be left unsaid .
I believe the quote stated above is quite true .
If we place censorship on one book everyone has a right to ban other books as well .
Just because certain books , movies , and magazines are deemed offensive to some , does not mean they should be banned for all .
No one should we withheld from a book due to age , race , gender , or any other factor .
If one has ever been prohibited from doing something due to age or size the feeling is not pleasant.No one neccessarily said anything mean or hurtful it just feels as if restritions and boundaries were set for no particular reason .
I have felt this way multiple times .
I remember one time in particular .
I went to @LOCATION1 with a group of my cousins and their friends .
Since I was the youngest I was also the shortest .
I could not ride many of the rides there due to my size .
I knew why those heighth requirements were set , for my personal safety .
This makes sense , but why should one be required to be a certain age to watch a movie or watch a tv show .
Honestly some people are more mature than others and grow up faster .
Everyone is different .
Everyone has a different personality and different perspective , there is no need to ban a book for everyone when we are all different .
One should not be ineligible to @CAPS5 a book or magazine or watch a movie .
Not wanting to is totally differnet from not getting to .
The popular book To @CAPS1 A @CAPS2 was banned at one time in the @LOCATION2 simply for using the ' n-word ' .
This angers many especially when one ponders how much slavery as well as the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 affected and shaped us into who we are today .
America is a great nation because of the @ORGANIZATION1.Do we need to have a @ORGANIZATION1 to @CAPS5 !
Why should we restrict ourselves and limit our own personal freedoms ?
If anything is to be banned , I believe it is censorship