Materials should not be removed from libraries .
It should be left up to a person to decided what the see or view .
Books , music , movies , etc.
, are materials used by everyone and for some a library provide a haven where the can get there hands on such things only and no where else , so shouldn't try to take away any of these things from any body .
One reason why certain materials should not be removed from libraries shelfs is that there will always be some subjects , and materials that a great many people will argue shouldn't be seen , and there will always be other people who feels differently .
And if we allow them to be taken away you will only be taking away a person own choice , which is something we all should strieve not to do .
Also just who would be left to decide what material should be removed and what material shouldn't ?
Is there really one person who could make a such a choice for everyone ?
Also there is no way everyone could agree on what material should be removed , so by trying you would just be providing something more for everyone to argue on .
I believe that if not everyone can be satisfied then why bother .
Another reason why in libraries certain materials shouldn't be removed is that by removing certain materials you would be interfering with education .
Books , movies and other such things are used for learning even weather people realize it or not , and the more oppuntunties a person has to learn the better .
And who are we to decide what a person decides to educate themselves about ?
There has infact been times in history when people in charge have wrongly decide that the public should not be educate or know about certain things and it was wrong then and it would be even more wrong now in our modern society .
A society that is based on learning and knowledge , a socity that in situration should not hinder a persons ability to learn .
Also I realize some people @MONTH1 argue that for young children some materials are better left unviewed , but that's is where parents come in .
It's there resoponsibility to decide what their children read or see and not anyone elses .
And so there is no reason why anyone should interfere with a parents choice as long as it is in aggrement with the law .
These are the reasons why I think libraries shouldn't be allowed to decided what materials and subjects are put on their shelfs .
For some dicsion no one can make to satify everyone and to be in the right .
Therefore it is better that such things are left up to the person themselves .