Dear @CAPS1- @CAPS2 @CAPS3 it @MONTH1 concerm ; I 'm writing you to explain that @MONTH1 students are tired of students in their school not returning books to their schoollibrary .
Many students have report due on a book that a fellow classmate didn't return .
Many students either forget they have a book out or even past due .
So it makes it hard upon the student who is trying to do a report .
If the books , music , magazines and etc.
, are not return people should have to be punished more than just having to pay a overdue fee .
I have witnesses alot of students who didn't either want to turn in the book thr checked out .
We the junior class at my high school had a term paper that we need books , newspaper , internet and magazines .
Lucky , The senior class turned in all of their book , newspaper , internet , magazines and etc.
, that they used on their term papers , we the junior class were able to sucess on our term paper .
But many juniors still havent reutrn the materials they have used.The teachers have threqten them with overdue fees and or have to pay for the losted material .
I see that having to pay an overdue fee and or have to pay for the losted materials doesn't bother them .
Even though teachers makes them pay the future classes will have to struggle and go out and purchase books , magazines , and etc.
, The classes that have to take @CAPS4 @NUM1 next year and do their term paper @MONTH1 not be able to sucess .
It is unfair they have to worry will have the materials they need for them to sucess and do their term paper .
I think if the schools took time out and got parnets involed .
They wouldn't have as many students would didn't follow rules .
students think that their teachers can't tell them what to so maybe if their parnets were involes they would follow directions and turn in their books , magazines and etc.
, In conclusion , If someone wants to take a book they should get alot of their personal infornmation as well as their school name.If people dont return their books their want be any thing left for other people to use.So i say everybody do have the right to use the books , music , movies magazine and etc .
to their adventage .
Just try to remember to return them for other students as well .