No , I do not believe certain materials should be removed from the shelves in libraries if they are found offensive .
You have the right to either read what you see or keep moving and read what you want to .
Certain books , movies , magazines , etc .
shouldn't be removed just because someone else doesn't like it .
If someone of a certain belief sees something offensive to them or their religion , then they have an option to not read or look at it .
Something that someone might find offensive might be interesting to someone else or they might have to do an report or project on it .
There's no need to discrimanate against a book or movie just because a certain religion group or someone as an individual doesn't approve of it .
It's an public library that has materials on display for the public !
Any and everybody can come and read any and everything they please .
A library is open to the public which means people of differenrent races , beliefs , religions etc.
, is going to come through and it's a possibilty that they 're going to see something offensive or that they don't like .
They have the option of either picking it up and reading it or the option of not paying it any attention and ignoreing it .
The choice is theirs to either let someone elses's opinion actually bother them or not let their opinion matter at all and just keep doing their own thing .
People have to be strong enough to rise above all the negetivity and keep doing thier thing and keep believing in what they believe in .
It doesn't matter if someone hates or have hateful things to say about you or your perticular .
Don't pay them no mind at all .
I know you think censorship should be in public libraries , but that isn't fair to the people that are maybe being offended but they don't have to read it if they don't want to .
They need to learn that in life there's going to be people that don't like .
Even peoplr that @MONTH1 have hurtful or hateful comments to say about you .
Learn to be strong enough to stand tall in what you believe in and don't let haters or other peoples opinions bring you down