For many students it is hard to compose essay's in a public school's library .
Aquiring the neccisary information is comparable to finding a needle in a haystack .
This is not due to the lack of funding or even the quality of teachers and staff .
No neither of these problems is the cause behind many student's inabiltiy to compose thought provoking essay and analysis over a myrad of topics .
This is due to the extremes in censorship that are being placed on libraries and schools in general .
Many of the relevent topics and materials need to truely understand our constantly changing world is being removed from the grasp of those who will go on to lead this new world.Some prime examples of this tyrany on knowledge is the removal of books suck as @PERSON1 , @PERSON2 , the @CAPS1 , and many other classical works .
Each of these according to many parents has good reason to be removed from our libraries .
@PERSON1 @PERSON1 promotes discrimination and racial supremacy along with being written by what @CAPS3 has pegged as one of the humanity's most vile of creatures .
@PERSON2 uses racial surrs that are not appropriate to be in the hands of our young children .
The @CAPS1 violates the separation of church and state .
Many other classical works refference racism , drugs , murder , sex and use rampant profanity .
All of these are valid reasons as to why a parent @MONTH1 advocate for there to be censorship of our libraries.These reasons , as well meaning as they @MONTH1 be , are no longer good enough to be valid in todays changing environment .
Many of the books that have been recomneded to be removed show us an unfiltered view of a time period from a point of view that did not belong to the 'victor ' of the social battle .
As we know , ' @CAPS3 is written by the victors . '
@CAPS4 it is good that the @CAPS5 won the @CAPS6 @CAPS7 and helped abolish slavery it is still important to realize that we still can not remove the view point from our centers of knowledge .
To forget is to remember at another time .
That time is when we repeat the same mistakes again.For the parents who also want to save the innocence of their children by forbidding these books from libraries need to realize that the media has been pumping these forbiden images to their children more than books have .
To censor our libraries is to cripple our children from the knowledge they need to fully understand our shadowed and fragmented world .
Just because we try and close our eyes to the realities of the world does not mean that they don't exist .
It is better to see and understand than to enter the world blind and dumb