Should offensive material be removed from the library ?
I think no , and there are many reasons as to why I disagree with this idea .
Many books , movies , and magazines are not ment to offend people , but just to let the reader know how the author feels .
I think that the books , movies , magazines , etc .
should stay on the shelf because if they are removed what are we left with ?
Seems like all that would remain would be the dictonary .
I think that when Katherine Paterson said , 'Children or any other children have taken off the shelf ' that she was making a big mistake .
So what seems to be offensive to people ?
Topics such as gosip and politics are a gold mine for authors in the @DATE1 .
Yet people find these topics to be offense probably due to that persons backround .
If aomeone find a read to be offensive , then they should stop reading and that be it .
Instead , people deside to go on a rampage against that magazine or whatever they read and what it banned for life from others to read .
Readers have the choice to read whatever they want and if they disagree with that subject , just move on with their lifes .
At the library I attend many poeple different shapes and sizes walk through the door everyday .
Many of them like a different subject then the others , so its commen to find everybody reading about a different topic .
Sure someone here and there does not gree with an author , but never decide to go crazy about it .
Instead they just go pick a different read to enjoy for themselves .
People read what they want to so they can enjoy it , not to bash the wuthor for his writing .
In my own read's , I have found at times stuff i disagree with .
Instead of going off the deep end and getting all excited about it , I choose to think about where the author is coming from and try to understand his side .
On the other hand , some movies are ment to be for one type of audience when instead another audience see's the material .
This still should not get movies or whatever the material is banned from the library .
When on the box it says rated for teenagers and up , that means it is not for a four year old to watch and their parents get mad at them for it .
If people followed what the box says and listen to the guidlines , then there would be no problem .
I disagree with @PERSON2 when she said that some books , magazines , movies , etc .
should be removed from the library .
People have the right to read anything and to see anything they want , and if they disagree well they should just deal with it .
In my own exprience , I have not found there to be a problem in my community library with people wanting content removed .
Once people start following guidlines and reading the boxes and still disagree , then maybe will have something then .
But until then , we should keep our nations libraries the way they are today