There are big debates today over whether or not certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves of libraries if they are found offensive .
Plenty of arguments are made from maybe somebody's own experience , observations , and/or reading .
I have read plenty of people's concerns regarding @CAPS1 issue , and there are some valid points to be made from both sides of the story .
No matter what your opinion on @CAPS1 issue is , there will always be someone who opposes of it .
You see censorship of offensive language on television , but here is my take on whether or not censorship should take an effect on books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
The first point that I would like to make about censorship is that people all across the world have come in contact with something that they @MONTH1 have thought to be offensive .
When kids are old enough to understand what other people are talking about , they will come in contact with things that they take in offense at some point in life .
I know from my own personal experience that you will see things that people think should be censored .
Although I come from a religious family who does not like to offend anyone , I am old enough to realize that not everything in life is going to work out your way all the time .
When you honestly think about it , you can not censor out things that you hear in person , so why censor things in certain materials ?
The second point I would like to make about censorship is that no matter how much you try to censor certain materials , people will still find a way to take things offensive .
There are certain things in life that you can not control , and being insulted or offended is one of them .
Even the most popular man or woman on the planet has been offended at least once or twice .
It isn't about trying to censor every little thing that @MONTH1 be offensive to some people .
Maybe it is about the people learning to deal with a little criticism .
'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- -that work i abhor -- -then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 is a quote from Katherine Paterson that makes a big statement .
Almost every well-written book that you will find on the shelf has something that should be censored .
What would those books be without those statements ?
To conclude @CAPS1 debate on censorship , plenty of arguments have been made about the views of censorship .
Many observations , personal experiences , and/or readings have been done by many different people .
Truth is , there will always be people who disagree on @CAPS1 subject , but that is just the way things are .
We @MONTH1 never know who is actually right or wrong about @CAPS1 topic .
We do know though , that judging form the previous points above , it is very unlikely that certain materials will be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .