Have you ever imagined a @CAPS1 without movies or music to entertain you ?
A @CAPS1 that has no books to read or magazines to inform you upon the latest gossip and fashion ?
Well , if items are banned from being seen or read then there will be no creativity in the @CAPS1 , there will soon be no books or magazines to read , no music to listen too , and no movies to watch , and you will not be able to express yourself or your opinions .
I do not believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .
If the @CAPS1 is left without certain materials there will be no creativity .
Everyone will be forced to think the same thoughts if they can't learn about other thoughts that are protrayed to be offensive .
No one can read about a topic that they are interested in if it is banned , this will cease creative thinking by not allowing people to think differently .
In the process of deciding what books are offensive and which are not offensive , all books will eventually be eliminated .
Certain topics aren't liked by everyone and , as Katherine Paterson says , ' ... if I have the right to remove that book ... so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
Paterson is exactly right too ; if one person has the right to remove a book , so does everyone and this will cause everyone to take off that book that they dislike so much .
Also , everyone likes different kinds of books and different topics , and this will cause less self expression because if someone doesn't like books about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 because they think it is offensive to @CAPS4 , then there will be no books about @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 on the shelves for anyone to learn about it .
Everyone will turn out to be the same if they can't express themselves or their opinions .
If a certain topic is banned for being discovered as a offensive topic then this will result in the thought being banned .
If you can't read or watch a topic you shouldn't be able to think or talk of the topic either because you will offend someone .
Also , if people can pick what books can be in a library , that will eventually be transferred over into other areas , such as clothing , food , thoughts , etc ..
Eventually everyone will be wearing the same clothes , eating the same food , and thinking the same thoughts .
I do not believe that certain materials should be exterminated from the shelves if they are found offensive .
If specific materials are banned : creativity will be eliminated from our lives , eventually all materials will be banned , and we will all be the same by the lack of self expression .
If you haven't ever thought about a @CAPS1 without books , moves , music or magazines ; I hope you have learned how crule and boring the @CAPS1 would be without all of those materials .