Any one has the right to anything .
Right to speak freely ; to watch what they please ; and so on .
The censorship on the media depends .
People who like that sort of thing can go to a place where they can buy censorship and un censoredship items .
Every place these days has censored books , cd's , video games , ect .
But then they also have uncensored items .
For those parents or people who disagree with what is shown on the shelf .
Also on @CAPS1 parents complain about whats on @CAPS1 , well there is a channel button and you can change the channel .
Or even in todays technology you can block that channel from ever being watched .
No body ever said that they had to buy what the person in front of you is buying .
People have the right to chose what they want to buy , wheather its censored or not .
Say or do as they please as long as it's with in the rights of laws .
Its all about your style and what you let your child see .
@CAPS3 , @CAPS3 .
Its not as easy to keep children from the volgure things in the new technology .
They go to a friends house and that childs parents don't care and let there child watch anything from @CAPS4- @CAPS5 rated .
The most you let your child watch is @NUM1 .
Its hard to keep a child sheltered from what you 'd perfer them not to see .
But what people have to realise is that there going to find out one way or another .
Also a child who is sheltered will go to the extremes to find out whats on the other side of the railroad tracks to get a taste of the water , to see what they have been missing out on .
Childeren will be childeren and they will sneak behind your back and do what they want to because they never knew what it was like in the first place .
Any one has the right to anything , you as a person chose not to allow your child you have a @NUM2 year old rated game , but his @NUM3 year old friend does have it .
Remeber hes going to play it at his friends house .
Everybody has a different taste on censoreship .
Some think everything should be a little cleaner others think different .
So thanks to both sides , stores sell to you what you perfer .