I believe that all the uncensored books , movies , music , and magazines in a library should be taken off the shelves and put into a single room in the library and be labeled as the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 .
The children that go into the library at most libraries have a space where its just kids books but when the kids go with their parents or someone that is older up to the teenager and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 they dont know what they are looking at when they just pick up a random book off of the shelf and/or rack .
Some people @MONTH1 think that it shouldn't be like that because they are weary of who might see them go into a little room marked @CAPS1 @CAPS2 .
However , if you don't want anyone to see you go into that room you just simply don't go in it .
So by secluding the @CAPS1 books , magazines , videos , etc .
you can keep the children from just picking up any book that has uncensored pictures or grabbing a video that the parents @MONTH1 not look at and end up being an @CAPS1 film and then the kid then might want to keep seeing the stuff like that when he reaches puberty he will be eager to have sexual entercourse with a boy/girl .
Having said that , i hope that you see how my idea of sectioning off the @CAPS1 stuff will keep them out of the @CAPS1 stuff and keep them from having sexual entercourse at as early of an age as thirteen .
As far as music goes , there really isn't a way to completely keep kids from listening to music such as rap that has foul language and it sometimes talks about having sex and drugs and the kids think that the artist who wrote the song made it to be a big shot and they did drugs and had sex and look how they turned out .
The best way , in my eyes , to keep kids from listening to rap is for their parents to not let them listen to it while they are with them .
However , the other music like @CAPS5 @CAPS6 and @CAPS7 or even hip-hop rarely has any references to the topics of rap music .
I could also argue that parents should watch out for their kids to be aware of the consequences of some of the actions they take due to these reasons and they should take the action of diciplining the kids for their actions