' @CAPS1 ' @CAPS2 say that word ! '
That is exactly what I said to my brother after he had read the front cover of a magazine in the library one afternoon .
Personally , I am an advocate of not saying curse words .
Yet , my brothers are influenced by things , such as the media , to say them .
Should we allow the media to sprinkle words like this on to magizine's and books ?
Or should the items containing these things be removed from the library's shelfing units ?
Magazine's are one of many ways that we get the latest gossip on the most interesting scandals .
They also appeal to a lot of people across the world .
Most of those people are @DATE1 of age .
Library's will most often place the magazine's on the shelf so that they can rake in some adult costumers .
Most of the content of the magazine's are pictures of half dressed women or men and explict lanuage on the covers these days .
Should that be the new normal ?
I @CAPS1 ' @CAPS2 think so .
I enjoy reading .
I personally think that reading is better @DATE1 sitting on the couch and watching mind numbing @CAPS2.V .
But , the material of some books have gotten to be where every other word is a curse word .
Or they contain degrading scenes that no one should have to read .
It used to be that books were read to learn something new , or to open your mind to a new culture or piece of information .
In these times , though , it seems ardous to come across a good book that is like the classics .
As though day by day , we are replacing the magestic words of authors for common words that anyone can use .
Replacing such books like these on the shelves for anyone to read isn ' @CAPS2 right .
It shouldn ' @CAPS2 even be allowed .
With electronic devices such as the @NUM1 player and so on , most of the music comes from online sites where you purchase the song directly .
Most parents @CAPS1 ' @CAPS2 know half the songs that the children buy , expecially when they @CAPS1 ' @CAPS2 buy it at home .
With internet in many libraries kids can plug in their device and buy songs with offensive lanuage or graphic material without anyone knowing .
Why @CAPS1 ' @CAPS2 the librarians put restrictions on the sites ?
The answer is that they can ' @CAPS2 .
And , even if they did children would find a way to get around the restrictions .
So , personally I think that they should remove the avaliablity of being able to download and purchase music at the library.Or take out the aweful lanuage all together in songs .
Because the lanuage that they use is not needed .
Although times are constantly changing and things are different then they used to be , with a little help we can restore it to where it used to be .
Kids using such foul lanuage is an issue that needs to be taken seriously .
From my own experiences I know that it is a growing problem .
But , maybe if we put censorship in libraries then some or most of the problems can disappear .
From magazine articles , books , and even songs explict lanuage and graphic scenes are almost everywhere .
So , speak up and talk to someone about the idea .
It might just start a revolution