What is appropriate in libraries these days ?
The opinions differ throughout the variety of different people across @LOCATION1 .
Censorship has taken a turn in public libraries , but still has been strictly forbidden from school libraries .
Personally , I think that there is a difference between vulger and inappropriate items in a public library versus a school library .
A public library is a place for anyone and anywhere to come and find an item that they are interested in .
As we all know , everyone is different and have their own interests , so they should be able to find the book , music , etc .
for them .
The problem is , how do the libraries keep these uncensored objects out of children's hands ?
The answer should be simple .
For thought , maybe all public libraries should be broken up into sections , each with their own subject matter .
These different sections could include Children's , @CAPS1 , and many more different titles .
This set up is often used in well known book stores and libraries such as ' @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 ' and ' @CAPS4 ' .
Overall , censorship in public libraries does not need to be as strict as school libraries .
School libraries are a whole different idea .
School libraries are made to help assist the students ' academic acheivement , nothing more and nothing less .
However , I also think that the content in the school libraries also depends on the maturity of the students .
For example , elementary and middle school libraries should have a stricter censorship than high school libraries .
The students in high school should be mature enough to handle uncensored material without creating a huge scene , like we all know younger students would do .
I have personally seen and witnessed a few so called 'inappropriate ' books on the shelf at my high school library , but the readers of the book have been mature about reading it .
I believe that some offensive and vulger items can be interesting and educational .
It is all a part of growing up .
The censorship in our libraries today vary from each library to the next .
School libraries and public libraries are completely different places of literate and media content .
I think that it is a person's own personal decision dealing with which library they go to .
If a family with young children want to go to the library , the parents need to choose the appropriate areas in the building to search for the children .
Therefore , there should be no problem in running across a 'bad ' book .
The author , @PERSON1 , states , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf ... And then we have no books left on the shelf for anyone .