First of all , Do you believe that certain materials , such as books , music , magazined , etc , should be remove from the shelves if they are found offensive , thats question should not be ask ever in life .
Why beacuse there are many people out there that read read stuff and listen to stuff that you might not like at all .
when i first saw this question i answer to my self that , `` That if all people think the same way this world would be boring , and i answer the question by saying that there should not be any books remove or music remove , from any shelves ' why beacause we all don tlike the same thing or do the same thing .
In first place , I know that there are many different kind of thing that people beacause they love doing it and some dont do those kind of things beacause they really dont like or dont care about it .
This is answering the question about removing books , music , or magazines from shelves even if the article the book , music , etc , say's or if its offensive to other people , that is not a reason to remove stuff .
There are thing that you enjoy doing and things that you emjoy reading , listening , and looking , etc that other people dont like or hate about it .
In second place , not only beacause you dont like something people should stop doing those things or stop buying those thing , NO !
!
, that is not the case here @CAPS1 .
or @CAPS2 .
you should not care just for you or do what ever is right for you .
If you are a good person that wants to be someone in the future dont just care about you care about the other too , beacause you 'll need those person or those book in the future when ever your falling down .
In my conclusion , about this article .
I think that people should not remove any thing from any library even if its found offensive to other people , those thing help other in life to do what they really want to do , while other are getting hurt for those offensive this that are writting on a little peace of paper .
Hope this latter help you all think about and change your decision about this case , hope you all make the right decision that would not affect anyone in general .
Thank you for taking your time to ready what I really think about removing articles from libraries