One person's strong negative opinion effects everyone else .
That doesn't seem logical or fair .
A library is a sanctuary for people to go read their favorite books for free , containing books from all types of genres .
There is a book for everyone in the library ; it's a matter of finding it .
Therefore , finding a book offensive or unsuitable does not give one the right to take that privaledge away from everyone else .
Books have a way of putting our mind at ease , whether that's because it's an escape or measured on how enjoyable it is to read .
Books found offensive to one person could have a completely different impact on the next reader ; some @MONTH1 even find the books relatable .
For example , if there was a scene that one reader thought was too graphic or horrific for other readers , there @MONTH1 be someone out there who would find this scene enjoyable because they can relate to it .
People who aren't capable of relating to such a scene would only find it as inappropriate and try to remove it from another's reach .
One person's opinion is not of any more importance than the next person's .
The book ' @CAPS1 ' is a professionally written , fictional novel that has been praised for it's quality , hence the numerous awards won .
Although , this book contains a rape scene and numerous other inappropriate events that this woman was succumbed to throughout her life .
Even so , it is still on the list of suggested college level reads for @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 classes .
It is disappointing to think that people nowadays focus on the graphic scenes in a novel , versus the exceptional writing style .
If all readers were able to look past the surface amoung these scenes , less books would be contemplated on shelf removal .
One person's negative interpretation of a novel effects everyone else's right concerning the censorship in libraries .
Readers are fully warned beforhand of the maturity of the contents .
The books are ranked , critiqued , summarized ( back cover summary ) , and even sorted in a library .
If one finds a book offensive , look in a different section .
Books are sorted by genre for that reason as well ; different genres apeal to different people .
This applies to the maturity of the reader as well .
Books are sorted according to what appeals to what age .
If you find a book offensive , instead of having it removed from the shelf altogether , look in a section for younger peoples , or a different genre completely .
If someone finds the book offensive , the fault is not of the book being there , but of the person being in the wrong section .
The main problem concerning book censorship in libraries is not the content , but how the interpretations differenciate towards such content .
On this issue , the other readers ' opinions on specific books being removed are being significantly overlooked .
For one to complain about a book's contents automatically give someone else the right to protect the book's contents .
For libraries to remove books in order of censorship is viewed as favoritism and is completely against the rights @LOCATION1 has stood for