Do you feel that some material should just not be allowed in libraries ?
Censorship in libraries are a touchy subject .
Many people with young children believe that some books should just not be allowed in the libraries , while others believe that because it is a book , no matter what , it should be allowed to be in the library .
Who knows , someone @MONTH1 need to write a paper over that certain 'touchy ' book .
I think , personally , that as long as the book is in a proper section , it sould be okay for a person , of the right age , to be able to get that book or other material .
The libraries should have a certain area for children's books and another area for adult or teenage level reading or material .
This way , there is a less likely hood that a young child will end up getting a book with material for an adult or teenager .
The library in the town that I live in has a clearly marked area for children and teenagers .
This way , young children are not going to be looking for their favorite book with a book over something many adults should not even be reading .
If people are concerned about someone being to young to read or view the material , the library can also put an age restriciton on the material .
This way anyone who is under the age limit will not be able to get the material .
The people who are of proper age will be able to get the material , however .
Libraries are very important sources for studing in many people's lives .
If people did not have a library , they @MONTH1 not be able to research a paper , or something else , that they need to get finished .
I feel if people do not like the material that they see in their local library , then they should just not look at it or borrow the material from the library .
I do feel , however , that little children should not be given even the slightest chance to stuble upon a book with disturbing material .
There , in my opinion , needs to be a room with said materials that children have , in no way , access to .
This way , children are not able to access the material , but they are still able to go into the library without their parents feeling that the children @MONTH1 see something unsuitable for them .
I feel that those people who love reading should be able to go into a library , and not be afraid of if they are going to see a book containing material they believe to be unsuitable .
I also feel that if I need to research something that is deemed , by others , to be offensive , I should somehow be able to research my subject .
Also , if I was the author of a book that was said to be 'bad , ' i would not want my book to be taken away , so that no one could read it , or study and learn from it .
I do not think that censorship is something that people should take lightly .
We all have the freedom of speech , so why not let the authors of the materials have that same freedom .
There are procautions that parents and people who do not want to see this literature can take .
Total censorship , I feel , would not allow for people to broaden their minds .
If people just take procautions , there is no need for total censorship of materials , that someone worked very hard on for everyone to see