Libraries should not remove a book from the shelves just because someone didn't like it or finds it offensive .
If there is a group of people that are interested in a book and want to read it more then once they will like telling a new person about it .
Then if another student has decided they don't like the book and they don't want anyone else reading it becuase they find it offensive then I honestly believe it shouldn't be taking off the shelves .
I think it would be different if everyone found the book offensive , but if it's just one or two people complaining then I don't think they should take it down and ruin it for everybody else .
It's just a book and students should know just because it's there doesn't mean its directed towards them .
I think they should overlook it .
If your playing some music , dacing around , and just having fun with it then thats good .
Now , if there is cussing and talking about drugs and those sort of things in a song then don't play it in a school system or around someone that @MONTH1 be religious or against that kind of thing because they @MONTH1 not like it and think that your into that sort of things .
They might not want to be around you as much .
Show them respect and play something everyone can have fun with .
So if the libary has this type of music it should be monitored as to who checks it out .
Movies are something you have to look out for too .
Movies already have ratings so this kind of helps for people to check them out and make sure the movie would be safe to watch .
If your getting movies from the libary then I would think it would already been watched by an adult there to make sure it can be watched by a student or a child .
I wouldnt want my little sibblings watching something that they didn't need to see or hear .
You have to watch out for magazines too .
You want a magazine that is going to be interesting and clean .
Kids @MONTH1 not know what is bad from good , but you still have teenagers .
You don't want kids seeing nudity , cussing , or drugs in any magazine .
If I were to walk in a library and see those kind of things in a magazine I would suggest you to take it off the shelves .
I would only suggest that so the kids will have a healthy thought about things .
I wouldn't want them thinking about doing anything bad like they saw in the magazine .
I 'm just looking out for their safety .
Libraries @MONTH1 always need advice .
They need to always have an eye out for things and make sure everything is clean and so that everyone can look at it , read it , or watch it .
I 'm glad we have these safety ideas for kids .
I hope everyone has an eye out for these kind of things .
I know I if I were to ever have children I would want them around something they understand and know , nothing bad and harmful .
So thanks to libraries that have an eye out for things like this