People @CAPS1 Offensive by Libraries I think that libraries are sometimes offensive , but not all the time .
It all depends on peoples different beilfs and thier culture .
I can see where some things in the library are very offensive and where somethings are not offensive .
I believe parents are more offended by things in the library , because they don't want their kids to experience these things that are not the childs age .
Movies that are at the library @MONTH1 be offensive , because if a parent rents a moive for their child and gets home and puts in the @CAPS2 .
Then finds out that the moive they wasn't a kids moive ended up being an adults moive .
Parents who don't want their kids to look at inporatiate things should not be suable for their childs age.One way to sovle this problem is to keep a eye on their child and make sure they don't go anywhere esle except the childrens area .
This would sovle so many problems if parents would actually follow through with this it might work .
Some parents bring their child up they way they want to .
Also the parent or parents teach their kids that they don't need to go in any other area expect the one they are suppose to go in unless their parents tell them otherwise .
I do get offensive sometimes when I go in the library , because they are some people who thinks it's funny to look at things just for fun not for any purpose .
They make a big deal about and I don't like when people do that , because it makes you think of the library as not such a place you wan na be at .
If i was a person who got offensive by something that was on the shelf at the library I would pass it up and not pay attention to it .
But some people would tell the people who are running the library that this certain thing on their shlef is very offensive to me and bothering me .
If I had an issue with the library for some certian reason I would complain .
Because complaining will more than likely do something about it .
Instead , of not saying anything it won't get done or change it so it's not offensvie to others .
I would let them know how I felt about a certain product in the library in a soft and calm manner .
When you complain about something might as well complain in a nice way , because if you do then that person you are complaining to will be nice back .
I know that everyone is not the same and feel the same about everything .
But one thing is for sure is to keep on living life and don't let simple things about a library product offending you or bother you.You could not got to the library anymore if it's a problem or ignore the image that is offending you .
There are so many ways to handle a situation like this it's just how you handle it .
One way is to be respectful to people and people @MONTH1 be respectful back .
Your attitdue has a lot to do with telling someone that something is offending you .
If you can't get anywhere that way then just forget it and move on