In the world , there are just some things that our children should not be exposed to .
I believe that the media such as music , magazines , and movies set a high bar for the individuals in our society .
I highly disagree with what the media feeds to our minds as to the way our looks and lifestyle should be .
The library is a place where most children go to feed their imaginations with colorful books with morals ; but the library is also where adults go to free their minds of work and to escape many of life's responsibilities .
Most children from ages @NUM1 to @NUM2 draw a curious mind to the very adult world and seek to find answers .
Now the library is not a place where a child can recieve adult information right ?
Wrong !
the library shelves are open to any and everyones advantage .
A child can just as easily come across the wrong track to take ones innocence .
Some parents in sociey believe that their neighborhood is a perfect harm free enviornment to raise children .
Little do parents know , it is a very uncensored world and at anytime a child can learn of it's exsistance .
The media draws it's attention to captivate our children .
We have to watch what we let our kids watch , listen to , and read .
For example , the girl in the magazine who just recently got a nose job because her nose was too big is feeding the idea to your eight year old daughter .
She believes that she can recieve surgery to fix her big nose that the kids at school tease her about .
Maybe your son listens to rap or rock music that condones the use of violence , drug , and alcohol use .
He will think its ok to pick fights at school with other children or curse the teacher .
Or the movie with the sex scene in it could give your child the idea to go out and practice what was taught .
In our society , there should not be an image that our children should try and sustain .
We should teach our children that life is better explored through @PERSON1's ' @ORGANIZATION1 ' or through the wonderful adventures of 'The @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION2 ' .
Parents should feed kids 'imagination ' and not feed their 'image ' .
Life for our children should be about fun , knowledge , and life experience ; but not everything that is on the shelves of our local library .