Have you ever been to a library ?
Have you ever thought that some material from the libraries could and have been found offensive and wanted them to be removed from the library ?
I 'm here to talk about the content of libraries and what we should do with them .
Every time you walk into a library , you are surrounded with books and other learning or reading material .
Yes this material is helpfull in finding things to pass the time or to help understand a certain subject , but some have been found offensive .
Stories such as romance novels or vulgar horror and action stories have been viewed as innapropriet to some ages .
These novels contain anything from brutal horror , to adult material , or foul language .
Parents argue that these books should be removed from the libraries .
I do not agree .
I beleive that such books and novels can be a great help to the immagination of others and get the mind flowing .
Yes i do agree that some novels are not age apropriate for young children , but that does'nt mean that they should be removed .
I think that if people are so worried about their children reading these books that they should either go into the library with their child , or simply give the child a certain area that they are allowed to pick a book from .
Another way of avoiding these wrightings getting into the wrong hands is to section off the more aggressive and adulterated books to a certain spot in the library and allow only age apropriate people inside .
An age restriction of thirteen years and up would be a responsible decision .
An age younger could be innapropriate for them , but any older and it could keep them from learning and expanding their mind to it's full potential .
The point of this writing is to show that removing these books and novels from the libraries is not going to help anything .
if anything it could hurt us by not allowing our minds to reach newer and higher limmets by learning and understanding the complexity of these novels .
sectioning off these novels in an age apropriate area or having parental discression will help to keep the age correct for the books that they get