We see them .
We read them .
We gossip about them .
Books that are found with inapropriate language , pages with the word 'sex ' on them , disturbing thoughts and ideas , cuss words , its all there , but yet they are still in our libraries .
My views on censorship is that , yes , our libraries should be more modest and not have books on the shelves with these things in them .
The books in libraries across the @LOCATION1 that have found and profane ideas in them , is one of the direct faults in our teenagers today .
In my personal experience with this , i have come across books that have had inapropriate language in them .
I have also read books assigned to me at school that have had descriptions of sex and bad language in them as a third grader .
As a young boy , I would go home to my parents and show them the content of the book and how despiteful it was .
I 've always been raised in a @CAPS1 home and seeing these things not only in schools , but on the bookshelves in libraries I believe is un-called for .
I know that there are so many things that could offend people .
Rascism , sex , cussing , rules , religion , but you need to eliminate the main things .
It is impossible to please everyone .
These ideas in magazines , books , in movies , and even in music has changed the world upside down .
Even when I was young , we were taught no cussing aloud , and yet you see this all the time in books .
In @LOCATION2 , of course we have the freedom to do what we want .
Authors have the right to put profane language in their books , and even dirty ideas .
However , libraries are not forced to keep this content in their libraries across the globe .
I believe that we should keep the future of @LOCATION2 in the back of our minds , that if we teach them this material , they are going to grow up in the world with no morals at all , and the world will become worse than it already is .
In the quote by Katherine Paterson , I believe that she has made a strong point .
If we take the books off of shelves , then our students , children , grandchildren won't be taught properly , and then there would be no education at all .
However , I believe that from this quote even she agrees we in @LOCATION2 fear what our children read .
So yet , why do we keep these books in our libraries ?
I believe that if we take these certain books , magazines , movies , songs , and internet sites off the computers , and out of libraries and schools , teenagers wouldn't be traveling down the road they are .
Today , the world has turned to a disaster .
The kids we saw @NUM1 years ago were on the right path .
Now those same kids are smoking pot , having sex , getting girls pregnant , abortions , miscarriages , things that are not appropriate .
And I truly believe that this content students read in schools and libraries across @LOCATION2 has something to do with it all .
It is now in the hands of the @LOCATION3 , whether our kids grow up to be the future of @LOCATION2 , or the joke of @LOCATION2 .
We need this fixed