Offensive literature , sexual content , disagreeable topics .
Books all have those things to someone some where .
It would be impossible to get rid of all of the books that offended everyone and still have books left .
There are many reasons why censorship is pointless and wrong .
Censorship only causes curiosity .
Censoring books could take away from learning .
The real world is not censored so books should not be either .
Consorship only causes curiosity .
Young kids every day are told what to do and what not to do .
Many people know that children are most likely to want to do exactly the opposite of what they are told to do .
Being censored from things makes people want to rebel and learn the truth .
No one likes to be told what they can and can not do .
The same goes for being told what you can and can not read .
No one wants the truth cut out of their reading materials .
Censoring books could take away from learning .
In school children are required to read many different books in their english classes .
Some books , depending on the teacher , have what some would consider offensive language and topics .
What some people do not understand is that reading those things are a part of life .
Reading foul language would not be any more offensive than if someone was to use the same foul language in front of you in real life .
In fact , the real life situation would seem to be more offensive .
If we are censored from these things how will we learn that they exist .
The real world is not censored so books should not be either .
You can not go walking down the street and expect a loud beep to randomly play over someone's foul banter everytime they curse .
When someone says something offensive in the real world you have to learn to deal with it appropriately and maturely .
We can not cut out peoples offensive banter in real life so why should we do it in our reading material .
Has no one ever heard of freedom of speech ?
That ammendment was created for a reason , to let @CAPS1 speek their beliefs .
Everywhere we look today things are being censored and 'cleaned up ' to make others happy who @MONTH1 be offended by whatever it is they are censoring .
Sometimes it is appropriate for offensive language or topics to be written about .
People need to be able to speek their minds and beliefs .
But people also need to be able to have constructive critisism and be mature about offensive writing .
Everyone will be offended in one way or another some time in their life by something they will read or already have read .
It is just life