Books are important in the life of human beings wheather they are for studies , entertainment , or any other use .
On the other hand , are some books offensive to readers .
If certain books are offensive should you stay away from that type of book or get rid of the book altogether .
With this being said , Should certain material be removed from shelves if they are offensive ?
Some reasons against this are you are taught to stay away from bad things , some people have different views of 'bad ' , and even if they are offensive they do not need to be removed .
Some materials are offensive to some people but not to others .
This is the case in anything for example movies , books , and daily life .
Some people @MONTH1 think the type of words used in a book make it bad , but to others that is what makes the book .
For example to show the full amount of hatred for a character you have to use some offensive words .
Another example is describing how horrible a person was killed , it is not enough to say he got stabbed and beat , you have to describe just how brutal it was to please some readers .
Another reason why books should not be removed is people are taught when to tell that something is offensive .
If a reader discovers a book is offensive they should know to stop reading not finish the book then complain about offensive material .
Also if a person rents a movie they know they aren't allowed to get an @CAPS1-rated movie then they should get another movie .
People should know to not get a book read about the offensive stuff without stopping then go complain .
If a person was concerned about a certain material they could ask people or go online to see if it is offensive or not .
Even if a certain material is offensive it should not be removed .
That is only the opinion of sombody .
If the book was needed by somebody they would not be able to get it because it was removed .
If material were removed because someone said it was offensive then ther would never be any more books .
For the reason that anyone can be offended , so they might just say it was worse than it actually was because they are mad .
For those reasons materials should not be removed .
What if everybody started saying things were offensive ther would not be any more books .
People should not have the complete say in the removal of books .
Otherwise people would complain just out of spite towards certain people's material .
So do you believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .