Every parent has their own opinion upon topics like this ; but even if you were to censor out books , movies , music , etc.
, your child would still be allowed to find that book or movie on the internet uncensored .
Yes , parents believe that having things censored will be better for their children , but children have much more technology and much more access to uncensored music .
As each day goes by the minds of children become more and more cerious as to what the world has to offer .
The more parents keep there children away from things in life the more chance they have of their child sneaking out or just not being the person you thought they would be .
Every person is there own person ; I personally would say to just leave the books , music , movies , ect .
on the shelves of libraries ; children will find out anyways , wither it is from friends , or the media .
Its not to say that your child will become corrupt if listing to such music , but I believe that at a certin age parents should have talks with their children about stuff that is happening in the world , because children are not going to go be children for long and you will not be able to control them forever .
Everybody was a child at one point in time and I am pretty such that most parents very much disliked when their parents would keep them away from things they wanted to do or maybe that they wanted to see , but life aways is not fair and these are just on persons opinions .
Either way if you decide to take all the music and censor it out or if you do the same things to all the books and movies , etc .
there will still be unhappy adults and unhappy parents .
No matter what happens odds are is that children will find their way around these things , it never fails .
There will always be some way your child can get around you , always going to be some way your kids will get past your rules ; just think about it , if they disobay you once they will most likely do it again .
It is in a child's nature .
So like I said before every parent and every person has their own opinion upon topics like such , me personally I say just leave it and lets the parents of these children handle it the way they would like to , because yoy can not please everybody .