Should books , music and movies be removed from shelves if they are found offensive ?
Books , music and movies have a certain veiw set aside for the reader or veiwer at hand .
If someone has a different veiw of the text then they should not even be reading or veiwing them but to have books that are great be taken off of the shelves because they represent different veiws to someone else is unreasonable .
People should give these things a chance because sometimes the non-original things just don't work .
To have movies band from the public because they are offencive is something that is something that is just a way to control what we see and what we here .
Books , music and movies should not be taken from shelves for the fact that they teach us a lesson about life without it really happening to someone .
Books are a way that people can express themselves with out actually going out and hurting someone or something .
Poetry for example gives the reader a feeling of what the writer was feeling when it was produced .
Books that have political or social veiws on something should not be discriminated because someone does not like the side that they chose or the way that the author presents it to the the people .
In novels just because someone uses profainty does not mean that there message is any less clear .
Their message @MONTH1 be that profanity is used to offten or that the way that the next generation below them my turn for the worst but it is not used to harm .
Music is a way that people can express their emotions without taking it out on the people that have hurt them or the people that they have hurt themselves .
When someone uses profanity in a song it is not specifically said at one person ; it is used to say how bad they feel about what has happened to them that they need something to really show how they feel .
Many people who hear these lyrics sang to them @MONTH1 beleive that the person is telling them that that really is how they feel when its just a verse .
Music should not be taken away because it is just words and they should not hurt someone , especially when it is only a way to express .
In movies you see someone get shot , bruitlly murderd or attacked and its already a horrible thing because someone died or because someone did not have a fair life .
This violance shown on the screens in homes , movie theaters and schools is shown to teach people what dangers are really out there ; they are not shown to teach people other ways to severly injure another person although that is how people perseive them .
Movies are about taking an idea and showing the world your idea ; to show the world that this is what you are thinking and that this is how you feel about something .
To have this all taken away shows that the generations before us are scared of what it is that we can do when we are a whole or what we can be if we stand alone and say that we don't like something .
Books , music and movies that are all based on something that is real should not be banded just because they show individuallity ; just because they have the deacensy to show us the truth in all the lies told to us but a higher person .
These people most likely beleive that there is a thing as a perfect life when there is not one so when people show the way that things are they get scared that their ideas of a perfect thing are ruined by those who know the truth .
The censorship of only things that are truely vile should be censored not the things that have nothing to do with the way that the comunities are today .