Offensive @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 entering a @CAPS1 you know your are going to find something interesting to read , listen to , or even watch .
Most people use librarys to find information on a certain topic , some of these topics are not always appropiate for certain age groups .
I do believe that materials on any subject should reflect how people see the world now .
Most kids go to the @CAPS1 and look to find books that interest them , sometimes they cross book about stuff they should'nt know about yet .
Libraries should be allowed to have anything on there shelf that they please but allow it to certain age groups .
@CAPS3 you were a little kid and you wanted to look up information on racing , you might have passes by many books about racism .
As a little kid you might not know what that is but all you have to do is pick up and read .
That kid just went from reading abot nascar to reading about racism and different races .
I believe that book should be kept in order of age .
@CAPS3 a teenager goes into the @CAPS1 to look up a book , they should be able to go to a section for teens and get a book on there topic .
In most libraires there are topics such as sex , killing , and viloent matters .
Kids should not be allowed to view that detail until they are ready for it .
If I am at the @CAPS1 I will always look for a book interest me .
My skills on choosing books for myself has changed since i was @NUM1 or @NUM2 .
Now that older and like to read , I read more books about action and mystery .
I was at the our hometown @CAPS1 and saw a @NUM3 year old kid looking at books about pregnancy and was shocked to see what he was reading after he put the book down .
That same day I came across a younger kid approaching his father with a book about sex and one about killing .
@CAPS3 I saw this I was suprised to see what was happening .
I do believe that libraries should be able to showcase what they have but in certain age sections ..
Kids visit the @CAPS1 all the time and looking for books to strike interest and will always find something different that they should not be exposed too .
Libraires would have trouble containg what kids read , so they should exposed all the differnt topics .
@CAPS3 your little and your reading about these topics , you will then be more informed @CAPS3 your just little older .
Next time @CAPS3 you visit the @CAPS1 check and see what kids in your local towe are talking and reading about .
You will be suprised @CAPS3 a child apporachs his parents with a book about sex .
I think that all libraies should exposed what they want @CAPS3 they want to ensure knowledge to everyone .