Certain materials , such as books , music , movies , or magazines , do not need to be removed from the shelves in libraries if they are found offensive .
There are multiple reasons to back up this statement , including an accurate quote from author Katherine Paterson .
People build their character through their reactions of how people treat them .
For example , in life sombody @MONTH1 offend another person , but that does not mean the offender is going to dissapear after doing so .
How does this relate to libraries you might ask ?
Books and movies do not need to be taken off of shelves in libraries if they are found offensive because there are a lot of things in the real world that are offensive .
It is your choice in what you want to read , listen to , or watch .
Just because you @MONTH1 have the option of checking out something you do not think is appropriate or is offensive , does not mean you have to check it out .
Some people @MONTH1 enjoy reading or watching things that are offensive .
You @MONTH1 be wanting to argue , 'But I don't want my children being exposed to such offensive materials . '
That is why most public libraries are split into children and adult sections .
If you happen to come across an offensive book in the childrens section , then do not let your child check that out .
It is as simple as that .
Trying to take the book off the shelf or complaining about it would only take up more time .
The quote , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everybody else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us ' , by Katherine Paterson , is a perfect example to conclude the reasons why books should not be taken off the shelf .
She is saying that if one person is allowed to remove a book , then anybody else would be able to have that ablitiy as well .
Therefore , a book that @MONTH1 not offend you at all could be taken off the shelf because somebody else does not approve of it .
Eventually , there would be no books left .
In conclusion , if there are books , music , movies , or magazines that offend you , simply do not check them out .
You do not need to get rid of them because somebody else @MONTH1 want to check them out