hey what book is that lets me see it because I don't think I want you to read it because it is to graphic for a @NUM1 year old boy .
This is what some parents might say to their child if they don't want them to read a certian kind of book or even a certin book .
I feel that censorship is not needed in libraries , because either way the kids will be exposed to something the parents don't want them to see sooner or later I do not belive that any one has thr rite to remove anything from the shelves except the library .
The can go ahead and complain that they dont't want it there .
But if the library has it the library should be able to keep it there wheathere or not people don't want it there .
I think the only real people that can remove a book for the shelves is the managers or manager if they agree with the patron .
Ohter than those certin people I don't think a reagular person can remove anything from the shelves .
At the library i go to they have any kind of book , music , movie , and magazine you want .
Wether it is a adult content book to a rated r movie they have anything and they get new things every week .
So if a person does not want a certin thing on the shelves they should not be able to by themselves take it from the shelves because what if another person wants to see the movie but they can't because a parent took it from the shelf because they did not want their kid being exposed to it .
One time at my library i saw a verbal fight between a patron and the library manager the patron did not want the book in the section it was in because they felt it was to provacative for a childrens book .
The manager refused to take it off the shelf becasue the library can have whatever books they want on their shelves.Another time i saw a person break a dvd because they thaught children at the age their children were should not be allowed to see those kinds of movies .
But breaking the movie is just putting other people that want to see it put because noe htey can't because it is broken .
To summerize everything I do not think citizens should not be allowed to removeantything from the shelves only the managers of the library should be able to remove anyhting if they want