Sometimes i think its always good to have an anappropiate material on the shelves of stores or a library .
i feel this way because of when you see stuff that is offensive , most people are willing to buy .
Or maybe when you been through rough times in your life , people like to read books that can be offensive be cause it was a reflection of the way they 've been brought up .
My views on censorhip contain to keep the offensive materials because its what people like best .
Music , magazines , books , and movies .
All of these materials can entertain adults , and teenagers because of the anappropiate sayings .
It seems to give people to boost up their style and ways to act , such as music as the number one offensive material .
Music comes from everywhere around the world , where young teens adapt to that kind of music and starts to feel that anapprpiate vibe .
Another reason my views on censorship contain to keep the offensive materials is because of what we see and watch .
Movies and television .
when we watch a movie thats is offensive and that can be very anappropiate , you learn from whats in the movie .
Most people make movies that can teach lessons if your willing to follow behind , or some movies contain advice for people that are going for the wrong things in life .
Thats one of my main reasons i think the newspaper should keep offensive movies in stores .
Television is basically the same for movies .
You can learn a lot from a offensive @CAPS1 show , you can learn what and what not to do .
Also my views on censorship contain to keep the offensive materials of what we read , books ; books are entertainment and what most of us like to do when we have free time off our hands .
People seem to read books because of the catorgories that most likely are to fit the way they are , such as reflections of peoples lifes , rough , lovely , funny and drama .
We attend to read these offensive books because of what some of us been through as a kid or just would like to read it because they wan na maybe feel the same sympothy that some one else @MONTH1 have had .
Also books can be adviceful of ehat people want to do in life , careers that you @MONTH1 be intersted in .
last but not least on my views on censorship contain to keep the offensive materials like magazines .
Magazines are the least offensive object that is placed on a shelf .
I go against the reason of magazines to be on the shelf because its alot of gossip .
I believe gossip is one of the main reasons why most people buy magazines .
Also because of the false information .
The false information that that give , is what we wan na buy .
But for the most part of my oppinion , i believe that this material should not be in the store unless they change it up .
I believe the offensive materials music , movies , books , and some what of magazines should be on the shelves of stores because lots of people are willing to buy .
They all catch eyes for gossip , provokinding adds