@PERSON1 , an author , once said ; 'All of use can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
In other words , she @CAPS2 prooving the fact that books should not be censored in any form of way , in which I take the affirmative side on .
To begin with , censorship @CAPS2 simply the banning of certain things that are thought to be offensive .
An example of this would be the society in the book ' @CAPS1 @NUM1 ' by @PERSON2 .
In this book , @PERSON3 , the main character and eventually the protagonist , @CAPS2 a firefighter that cause fires instead of putting them out .
The government believes that books are dangerous because they cause people to become knowledgable so as a result , they order people to burn them , making society ignorant and a potential 'slave ' to their government .
Despite loosing his job and almost being killed by the goverment , @PERSON3 rises to understand that books have true meaning and that what the government @CAPS2 doing @CAPS2 wrong .
This topic now poses a question : ' @CAPS2 all censorship bad ? '
Of course not .
Some censorship should be allowed as a matter of fact .
For example , any form of media whether it @CAPS2 books or magazines that portreys hatred toward a certain religion or group should be censored by the government because according to our constitution , people have the right to believe and practice whatever they wish ( also know as 'freedom of speech ' ) .
However , the majority of censorship does not take a good side .
In the political world today , censorship @CAPS2 applied to people who speak out against their government or leader due to the fact that they had been dishonest or ruthless to the people .
Even in our country today , the government applies this which in some cases violates the constitution because people have the freedom of speech , but to a certain extent only .
Overall , the negative outcomes of censorship outweigh the positive outcomes .
Censorship causes people to become uneducated which on the other hand makes it illegal for a person to speak out against something even if it @CAPS2 wrong .
On the other had , censorship towards things that portey hatred @CAPS2 not bad either .
In conclusion however , bad censorship causes people to become uneducated , at the end resulting in pure ignorance .