Regardless of if we are speaking of the religous demanding books such as the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 series to be ripped from our shelves or @CAPS3 wanting to burn the @LOCATION1 , books can always bring about controversy .
In this country we are given the rights to freedom of speech and press , so why can anyone demand that a book be banned ?
Everyone in our world has different thoughts , beliefs , morals and values so why should we try to force our own views on others ?
We should not .
Imposing our views upon others can be done just as easily through putting a controversial book on the shelves as it can by taking it off .
Music , movies and magazines are no different , all express the ideas and beliefs of their respective writer , and all deserve to be accessed by anyone who desires to do so .
Books , there are lists of hundreds of banned books and honestly you could find a dozen reasons to ban any book ever written .
If you ban one writers words because they speak passionately or discretely on a controversial topic , then you must ban them all , and if you have to ban the words then you must also ban the writer so that he or she can not voice his or her opinion .
If we did this then our country and our world would be without opinion , voiceless , and without a voice their is no direction and no moving forward .
If the people of our world are denied the right to write a book on their opinion then what kind of world do we live in ?
If you can ban my words , then I can ban yours and we have both lost our voice and our chance at somehow brightening the future .
Imagine the impact if the @CAPS4 had locked away every copy of the @CAPS5 because it brought about change and controversy .
Imagine a world where we had never heard of @CAPS6 or @CAPS7 .
It would be a would far different from our own .
A world without powerful voices influencing not only our daily actions , but hundreds of years of war , love , and hate .
It would be one without direction , where people are left to wonder but never to express or discuss .
It would be a terrible place .
While children should not exactly be watching porn or reading ' @ORGANIZATION1 ' , they definantly should not be kept from reading , listening to , or watching anything they desire .
Values and morals should be gained by reading , discovering and thinking , not forced upon us by our government or our parents .
Rap music @MONTH1 have lyrics that some would consider rude but to another they @MONTH1 speak a message .
To a creationist @PERSON1's views @MONTH1 seem stupid and offensive , but to an atheist they @MONTH1 be what makes sense .
We should all have access to all opinions so that we can develop our own .
We should not have the values and ideas of others beaten into our heads , we should be able to develop our own through an exploration through those of others .
Censorship is wrong , our government has no business in what we choose to explore and no one should be restricted by the views of another .