First comes censorship along with its totalitarian prowess , second comes the downfall of humanity .
We have all seen the horrors of totalitarianism over time .
From the @CAPS1 regime of @LOCATION1 to the banning of @CAPS2 in the @CAPS3 empire .
It always is a terror that falls violently .
Farenheit @NUM1 was written by @PERSON1 in the mid twentieth century , forshadowing a wicked future if censorship is brought to humanity .
The human populaion will no longer have actual knowledge , only what they have been told .
In this book , the population is forbidden from having any kind of book .
Their history is completely makeshifted by the government into a psychological madness .
As if propaganda doesn't warp the minds of people enough , censorship of books would be the end .
Man must know his foundation and where he comes from .
All it takes is one little book to be taken of the shelf .
Eventually they all will start coming down til there are none .
The government will erase history as it is and create one that warps the minds of all to believe the goverment is righteous .
When the malignant being is the government itself .
This all brings up one of the worlds greatest questions .
What actually should be kept out of viewing for all to see ?
We all think it is correct to keep pornographic material and adult language away from children .
What is it that actually made these things intolerable in the first place ?
We have been taught our whole lifes that these things are , but when real censorship comes in , so does the apocalypse of all knowledge .
People believe anything they are told as long as enough people are saying it .
I , without slight hesitation , stand against censorship in every way .
People have the right to know everything .
Parents still have the ability to keep things they see as unacceptable from their children as much as they please to do so .
Let man choose what is intolerable to him .
Censorship goes against everything the western democracies stand for .
All freedoms are taken away by that one word .
The democracies feared communism due to its totalitarian government .
The communists censored everything inside the @CAPS4 @CAPS5 .
History has shown us time and time again that totalitarianism is unsuccessful .
The people must be free and must be able to live their own lifes .
Only then will they defend their countries so they can preserve freedom .
Both world wars resulted in totalitarian regimes beeing taken down by the free , uncensored men of the democracies .
A word is simply a word .
People will always have their own views on everything .
Arguments about every little thing will always be at hand .
We all must understand that although we all have differences in our beliefs , we must prevent censorship and accept all .
The day we dont , censorship will come , and noone will have the right to believe in what they want .
It is humanity's decision and it must be made at this time when the world is at its greatest .
What will become of the uncertain future ?