' @CAPS1 Should be Taken off the @CAPS2 ' @CAPS1 should be taken off the shelves ?
Nothing .
At least thats @CAPS1 I think .
For ant book you can find some bad thing about it .
People can not keep bad things away from kids it doesnt work @CAPS4 that .
Wether it is cusing , sex , gore , racsisem teens will find them and I think it would be better if they were foung in a book instead of real life .
Most young adult books have cusing .
There is no way around it .
Teens hear cusing every day .
At home , school , or even at work and yes it is offensive and no there is nothing you can do to stop it .
It is there and part of our life .
Most adults think thats if they don't shelter teens then they will find all this bad stuff in music .
@CAPS1 adults don't understand is that teens doo @CAPS1 ever they want to be happy .
The music of today's is very offensive , but the @CAPS4 it !
!
!
!
!
THat is @CAPS1 is 'hot ' in the music world right now .
Ok say a kid was from a run down home and all he had was a radio , and that radio only got one station and the station was pop music , which most parents don't @CAPS4 .
That pop music would make the kid happy .
Would you really take that away from him just because it is offensive ?
?
?
Sex a lot of really good books have sex in there , but if a kid is at home reading about sex the he or she is not out doing it .
Plus sex makes books better .
I read books that contain rape , and other sexual acts but I 've never done it only read about it .
Race is anouther big deal .
'To @CAPS5 a @CAPS6 ' is an amazing book and every kid should read it so they can learn .
That is the whole point in reading is so you can learn .
We need to learn about those kind of thing .
Keep us sheltered is not going to protect us it only makes us want @CAPS1 ever we can't have even more .
Music , books , magazines , and other stuff help us learn dont take that away from us .
If we don't @CAPS4 it we will not read it or leason to it .
Don't chose for us let us learn on our own .
It is our life .
Let us make our own mistakes ....