Should taking books , music , and movies off shelves of libraries even be questioned ?
Aa stated in our constitutuion , people have the freedom to information .
People have had this luxury every since the beginning of this marvelous country .
Also @CAPS1 have the choice to either pick up a type of book or not too .
So to answer my question , taking types of books and movies off shelves is completely out of the question , In the @ORGANIZATION1 , it @ORGANIZATION1 that people have the freedom of speech , religion , and many others including freedom to information .
Due to this reason places like libraries should have as much information as possible out on there shelves .
Even if some of the conduct is inapropriate , it is still serves a way to educate .
Which for children , education is largely what their childhood is for .
Parents and teachers are always pushing their kids to go out , read and learn new topics other than what is being taught in the classroom or at home .
If books were to be taken of the shelves , we @CAPS1 would only be depriving our youth of knowledge in the world .
All books or magazines @MONTH1 benificial to some and offensive to others .
However for those who would find this beneficial do we want to simply go against our @ORGANIZATION1 and deprive them of that information ?
Another topic in the @ORGANIZATION1 is the freedom of choice .
Even if bad books or magazines are on the shelve , children have the choice to pick them up .
Parents should simply tell there kids to leave those types of materials alone and choose something else .
Having books that @MONTH1 seem innapropriate to some , aren't hurting anyone by just sitting on the shelve .
However some , @MONTH1 come aross a book like this and find it very interesting and decide to check it out .
This action plays no effect on child who is not supossed to be viewing material like that .
Finally , it is very simple to avoid this type of information , all one has to do is simply not choose to look at it and walk right by it .
As for myself , I personally as a child was not allowed to view certain types of movies , books , or magazines .
For example I was restricted from watching rated @CAPS2 movies or things with innapropriate sexual actions .
Since this was the case , I simply avoided those types of movies or magazines that had those types of content .
For most of my childhood I did this and it was very simple .
However , I don't think it would be fair to remove those types of things from other children .
For the reason that it's their choice to do what ever they would like and that it has no affect on me at all .
Lastly , I feel like removing certain things from libraries would be very unfair to children who have the privelage to view them .
In conclusion , removing materials , s uch as books , music , and movies is completely absurd .
As I said before doing something like this , would be going against our constitutuion .
The answer to solving this problem to me is black and white , children should just not pick up those types of materials end of case