Censorship or not ?
That is the question .
Many people @MONTH1 not realize it , but what they read and watch greatly affects them .
If children watch a scary movie , then nightmares seem to occur more often .
If teens read a book where parties seem cool and bad things are glorified , they too start to see bad as good .
What if @CAPS2 article you are reading right now contained offensive language and inappropriate ideas ?
Most people would be offended and complain .
I fyou saw an old man walking down the street yelling out obtrusive things , you would be mad and tell him to quit .
So then the question is arised , why is it alright for us to watch movies like @CAPS2 ?
Yes , books and movies should be censored .
Children are very naive at a young age .
When a child starts getting exposed to violence , illegal acts , alcohol and drugs in books or movies , they start to think it's okay .
For instance , when I was younger , I watched the movie ' @CAPS1 . '
@CAPS2 movie contains a profanity every other word , so it seems .
I saw my favorite actors on @CAPS2 movie saying bad words , so I figured it was alright .
It's not okay for a child to talk offensively like that .
One day I even heard a little @LOCATION2 quoting lines from the ' @CAPS3 . '
@CAPS2 movie is hilarious but extremely suggestive .
It made me sad to hear an innocent little @LOCATION2 talking about things that are way over his head .
Teenagers that listen to music from @LOCATION1 or @LOCATION2 are getting bad messages .
Although these two rappers are seen as modern day music heroes , they shouldn't be glorified the way they are .
They 're songs are all about smoking weed and getting high .
They make it seem cool .
So teenagers think , ' @CAPS5 if they can do it , so can I ! '
They start to engage in activities that were once frowned upon .
If teenagers were't exposed to @CAPS2 kind of music , they wouldn't be as apt to take part in such things .
As for adults , their movies and books should be censored too .
One @MONTH1 think that once they 're older they can do waht they want , but that's not the case .
Let me throw out an example to you .
Let's just say a husband and wife are watching a movie together .
It's great until a rather , inappropriate , shall we say , scene comes on .
Not only does it make things awkward , but it sends out the wrong message .
When adults or unmarried people see their favorite actors being naughty on television , it makes it seem right .
They start to lose the concept that you are supposed to remain abstinant until marriage .
After all , it is the only way to remain free of any diseases .
If movies , books , magazines , and music continue to be left uncensored , the world will become a giant brouhaha .
People will begin to lose the sense of what is right and what is wrong .
We are on the brink of violence and total chaos .
If we contiue to let our children and ourselves watch these types of movies and whatnot , things will get ugly .
Yes , if libraries or stores find anything offensive on their racks , then they need to censor it before it corrupts any more minds