I personally don't believe they should us censorship in libraries .
I feel as though no one has the right to say people are or aren't allowed to enjoy certain material just because someone @MONTH1 thing that it is offensive because , thats just one persons opinion .
What's one mens trash is another mens gold , what one person finds offensive could be sawt out by millions .
Plus in todays world if everything was censored there would be nothing left not even church because everyone has there own opinion and there own belief .
Which would eventually eliminate everything because there will always be at less one person who thinks something is offensive in someway , shape , or form .
If everything was censored people wouldn't even be able to exspress themselfs .
If cenorship was used everywhere schools wouldn't be able to teach half of the material they teach today and kid would have nothing to involved .
Author Katherine Paterson once said 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
I for one completely agree with this quote .
It's true as I have already stated if everything was cenored there be nothing left to be enjoyed .
Think about it this way would you like someone telling you that your not allowed to read or listen to certain material just because someone felt as though it was offensive and thought it should be taken away from the public ?
I 'm pretty sure that would make most people upset exspecially if they 're a adult .
I feel as though everyone has the right to choose what they read and listen to .
So if you ever get asked if censorship in libraries should be allowed then think back to everything I 've said before you give your answer .
Once they start censoring what everyone can read and listen to then they 'll feel as though they can censor any and everything and control peoples lives .