The quote that Katherine Paterson declairs a very strong point and is completely true in my eyes .
Everyone thinks and functions differently so therefore something offensive to one person might be completely fair and good in anothers point of view .
Everybody thinks different and as you go to school or work everyday you find that obvious by just about anything the person is doing or owns .
For instance , their clothing .
Belongings can show a lot about a person just as much as actions or words .
So what do you think ?
Do you think that any material from the library should be taken off the shelf just because someone or a couple of people think its offensive or terrible ?
In my opinion , no .
Every book , magazine or anything in the media can send out a different message in everyones personal thoughts .
For example , one movie could touch someone in a very special way and at the same time , someone right next to them could think it's disguisting and cruel .
I have actually had a real life situation were this has been a conflict .
During the years of my seventh grade experience there was this playstation game that i loved to play and enjoyed playing every single day with all of my friends .
My mother , and pretty much the entire @LOCATION1 found it very offensive .
It was really awkward and annoying that one of the things i loved is something that they tried to ban and not allow it to be sold from local stores .
Now being in my shoes how do you think that felt for me ?
I thought it didn't feel very fair at all , it's selfish and inconsiderate .
That's like taking somebody possessions and telling them your opinion on them and then ditching them into the trash to rote and vanish forever .
I believe that you should be able to read anything you would like in the library without the fear of your next favorite book being taking off of the shelf because a group of people protest from the language or whatever they think is offensive to them in the novel , because the next time you know it , everything will be gone from the shelves since everyone has different opinions .
If you dont like the novel , then i assist you to return it , and to never read it again .
I feel this conclusion is very fair and considerable .
So what do you think as readers , is it fair to be able to read whatever you want or do you think if you or someone finds it offensive , you can take it off of the shelves ?