Throughout the world , there are thousands of people with various opinions .
If one person thinks an art piece looks unique , another @MONTH1 not see any true beauty .
But when people hardly underdstand the concept of other people , they should not be exposed to books or movies that could be defined as offensive .
Some people don't know @CAPS2 it is like to be truely offended .
When I was in middle school , I was a shy , fragile , young girl .
I had just moved to a new school and was petrified of my new surroundings .
For the first couple of weeks , I felt like an outcast ; like an outsider looking in .
I didn't fit in with anyones ' group .
Everyone seemed to of already have friends for years and here I was , a new student with no friends to communicate with .
I was isolated and was desperately trying to find someone to be my friend .
I wondered if something was wrong with me ; if I has a bad odor or was dressed in an out of style fashion .
I tried buying new clothes and changing my hair color .
It seemed as if I wasn't even noticed .
Before I new it , school was half way over .
I was still a nobody .
Then @PERSON1 came along and made me a somebody .
@PERSON1 , who had just moved to my school , looked bold and confident .
At first , people waved a friendly hello but nothing more .
As I sat at my empty lunch table , @PERSON1 approached me and asked to sit down .
I couldn't refuse the offer so I nodded a sincere yes .
The entire lunch period , we sat talking .
We had a lot in common and I was glad to have made a friendship with @PERSON1 .
Months went by before I realized @PERSON1 and I were great friends .
I knew I could trust him with all of my secrets .
Even though @PERSON1 and I were close , I felt as though @CAPS3 was always hiding something .
Occasionally I would have enough courage to ask if there was anything @CAPS3 needed to tell me , but as the same as every answer before , it was a no .
@PERSON1 and I had always walked to my house after school .
But on one afternoon , something felt wrong .
The air seemed to lingere for miles .
We didn't talk until we got inside my house .
Suddenly @PERSON1 spoke and said , ' @CAPS1 are people so cruel ? '
I was shocked by this question for I didn't know how to respond .
@PERSON1 sensed that I had no clue @CAPS2 @CAPS3 was talking about so @CAPS3 continued .
'
I 'm gay . '
I was appalled .
Not because @CAPS3 was gay , but because @CAPS3 had never told me .
I asked , ' @CAPS2 happened ? '
@CAPS3 sat on the couch then and told me about how @CAPS3 was in the library overhearing some of our classmates reading a book about people making fun of gays ' .
I felt awful for @PERSON1 .
It wasn't his fault @CAPS3 was gay .
I believe that certain books , movies , or music that are offensive to people should not be aloud on shelves .
Some have never been offended .
Some , always offend people for many reasons .
Everyone has feelings and it hurts when they are offended .
We , as a community , should love one another and respect them .
Not read or listen to things that can hurt someones ' inner feelings