Dear Newspaper , I do indeed believe that certain books , magazines or any other form of redaing material should be removed from the shelf if they are found offensive .
I say this because , in every situation , either one side benefits , both sides benefit , or neither side benefits .
If you do not want that article or piece of writing to be seen by certain audiences , then do not put it on a public display .
It is best that they are in a solitare area for audiences mature enough to handle the influence and/ or consequences that go along with that type of material .
I say influence , because studies and personal views have shown that teens and even young children are often influenced by explicit views portrayed by media .
These children act in ways that reflect what they have seen .
If they watch a movie full of violence , they @MONTH1 feel it is their job to act in violent manners .
Until they reach an age of maturity and responsibility to make their own decisions , they let the outside world decide what is best .
As a child is grows up , they are obligated to follow certain rules or take authoritative matters seriously .
Authority teaches us , as children .
We develop through our teachings and grow through our surroundings .
You @MONTH1 ask what it is i am speaking about .
Well , i believe that this situation relates to the phrase 'think before you speak ' because it seems that the people displaying this media don't think about the after affects of their actions .
Suggest that certain material @MONTH1 not only be impacting children and teens , but adults are highly affected as well .
I am not speaking as though everyone who watches a movie or reads a book about a murderer will go out killing people .
I am only saying that our surroundings almost make us who we are along with the way we were raised .
The media gives us insight and ideas , in which sometimes revole around our every thought .
I do believe that certain media , should be displayed in confidential locations .
If not , then it should be a recommendation and obligation to have an age limit .
My concern for public media display pertains to the concern of the impact on human lives .
Thank you for your time .
Sincerely , @LOCATION1