Many people find certain books , music , or magazines offensive or inappropriate for some young reads .
Many people think that this material should be removed from libraries completely .
People think that have young people exposed to this offensive material will effect the choices they make , and how they will react in certain situations .
At the same time other people say that we should not remove it from the book shelves .
They say that everyone has the right to read or listen to whatever he or she wants to .
Its that persons right to choose weather or not it is age appropriate for them or not .
Its not some elses right to take away choices that aren't theirs .
People who belive that they should remove this material from libraries think it will corrupt young minds .
They believe that this material will convey a message that it is alright to do what these books and music are saying .
This in turn will create a different mind set for the young reader .
Which @MONTH1 cause the young reader to be more aggresive or more like to make bad decisions about there well being or the well being of those around them .
These people want there libraries to be about learning and be a healthy eviornment were young minds can grow naturaly and unharmed by offensive material .
People who believe that they should leave this material on the shelf say its no one elses right to make this decison for you by removing them .
Its the readers right to choose weather or not to read the material .
The read will most likely learn what the material is saying regaurdless of weather it is in the library or not .
They believe that it would be better for a young reader to learn about it in a safe enviornment then to have some one else later in there life show them or tell them .
The enviornment maybe alot more dangerous then a library if learn though some one else .
I believe in both in a way .
I believe it is not some one elses right to remove these books from libraries .
But i also believe that it should not be avalible for young readers to get .
These books maybe be offensive to some people but its there choice to read it .
They do not have to read these books it does not affect them .
I believe the books not suitable for young readers should be placed on either a higher shelf or in a different part of the library where young readers do not have acsess to .
If a readers parents want them to learn about it in a safe enviornment then they should sit there children down and explain it to them themselves .
In the end we all have our rights and we use those to choice weather to read or listen to certain material .
It is no one elses choice besides your own .