Do you think that certain books should not be shared with certain poeple ?
In all honesty yes , let them read and listen to whatever they think is interesting .
No matter what the content that the book or @CAPS1 contains it's their choice , there is a power called freedom in this world .
One might think that if you are able to read and comprehend the words that are wrote in that book or sang in a song , then yes read and listen to anything you want .
If a young person such as a kindergartener picks up a book about sex you know there is no way that child will be able to comprehend it .
So yes any books should be left on the shelf at libraries , open to anyone and everyone who are willing to read them .
Its not that you have to be mature enough to read a book its that you have to understand it and are able to read to get what the book is trying to say .
Yes some things parents don't want their children to know , but this world is filled with awful things and they are bound to figure some of those horrible things out sooner or later .
Reading and music lets you learn and experience different situations that you might have never been in before .
Both books and songs are a way to express yourself and everyone should express theirself in some way .
When it comes to movies that's a different story .
Those movies are rated for a reason .
On a rated @CAPS2 film i could see @NUM1 year olds on up watching it , because by then those kids have been in high school and everything sexual and perverted have been put into their little heads .
Also most have been in sex education class .
Blood and all things cruel have been talked about and heard about too .
So yes let @NUM1 year olds on up watch rated @CAPS2 films .
The one thing that isn't suggested is taking a little kid to see a film that isn't rated for them .
Say a parent took a @NUM3 year old to see a scarry movie , more than likely that child is going to be scared and scarred from see blood , stabbing , and sexual content .
Movies should be left rated for whom they should be rated for .
When it comes to music and books , they are wonderful learning tools also good for expression of ones self .
So learn , experience , and express .
No matter what your interested in freedom was gave to you so use it