I enjoy reading very much so and I have read several books since I 've been in highschool .
Three of the best books I have read through my high school career were about drugs , rape , partying , and had innepropriate language in them .
Some parents would not like their children reading those books and would ask for them to be taken out of our school library , but I think that is completely wrong .
We have freedom of speech and press so why can't those books be in our school libraries ?
What some parents think are offensive , others might not .
Most of the time children disagree with their parents anyways so they are going to read whatever they want to read , or watch what they want , or even listen to what they want .
People are different and we have a right to our own opinions .
Some parents would say that those kinds of books should be taken out of the library but that's wrong , if you don't like them then don't read them , or discourage your kids from reading them .
It's just a book , it's not like it's actually happening .
Books are separated by age too , so a young child will be getting books from the children section so those books are for children and should be appropriate .
Teenagers have a section too and they should be mature enough to handle what they read in books .
I do not believe that certain materials should be removed from our libraries because a select few people think their offensive , that takes books away from people who enjoy reading those kinds of books .
Then if all kinds of people are saying everything is offensive there will be no more books left on the shelf for people who don't think their offensive.When I am an adult I will tell my children what I expect from them and let them make their own choices because no matter what they will anyways and if they want to read a book with bad language in it , or a movie with language then so be it .
It's not like they 're actually doing what's going on in the book .
Overall I think it is completely wrong for books to be removed from libraries for people complaining about them being offensive