Librarys have the right to diside how censored they want their material on their shelves to be .
Much of this material @MONTH1 be considered offensive to certain people .
However some materials @MONTH1 be as offensive to one perwson , it @MONTH1 not be offensive to another .
Americans have freedom of speech , and writing , and many ohter rights .
A library should have the right to put whatever materials it would like on to their shelves .
There will always be offensive songs , books , movies , and magazines .
Howver , some materials @MONTH1 be found offensive to someone , it @MONTH1 not be found offensive to others .
A library @MONTH1 not be able to please everyone .
'But if they have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work i abhor- then they also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And we have no books on the shelf for any of us ' ( Paterson ) .
Paterson is simply explaining that if somone finds somthing offensive and wants it removed from a shelf then soon all books will be removed , and there will be nothing left at all on the shelves .
A library is a place for everyone to come and find what they are looking for without any disterbances .
A person probably isnt looking for somthing offensive .
Therefore coming accross somthing that is offensive @MONTH1 be disterbing ; however they should be able to try to ignore it .
It is that persons choice to choose that library to attend to .
So they will choose to maybe find offensive materials .
If somone does not wish to come across offensive material they should choose not to go to the library .
Americans have the right to be free , so does a library .
If a person comes across a offinsive piece of material it should be ignored .
A library can not please everyone by taking out all of it merchandice that @MONTH1 be considerd offensive .
There simply would be nothin left .
People should be aware that they @MONTH1 come across some offensive materials when going in to a library , so it will allways be the peoples choice of attending that library