Hello !
My name is @PERSON1 .
I am writting to you @DATE1 because their is so much conflict on the issue of 'if materials in the library are offensive should they be removed from their shelves ' .
I know their are people that will agree or disagree but what i think they should do is leave them .
Yes i said it they should stay wright where they are .
People all over this world get themselves worked up over all the little things in life but what we dont understand is their is always gon na be something in life we dont like and thats never going to change .
Like this for example , people taking offense to materials in the library and wonting them to be removed .
I mean come on people wake up and realize you are not always going to have things as you wont them theirs always going to be things you just have to deal with it .
I believe that these types of materials should stay wright where their at because people can over look them we just decied not to .
We all make a big deal over something so small .
People should just not look at it and move on dont sit their and fuss about it just turn around and walk away just because you dont like it dosent mean that others dont .
Everybody in this world needs to see that their are things were not going to like but we have to get over them and move on .
This will always happen and theirs nothing we can do about it .
All over the universe people @MONTH1 agree or disagree with what i have to say but its your perspective and what you think about it is your choice .
I will say though that they should stay but people need to get over themselves and see the truth in life and know that even though their are things we dont like dont sit their and argue about it just leave it and go your own way .
So this is my essay to you .
People need to see their always not going to get what they want in life but they need to move on .
Like this if you have a problem with the things around you such as taking offense to materials in the library and wonting them removed well sorry but no .
learn to walk away from it because what you like @MONTH1 not be what others like and what they like @MONTH1 not be what you like we just have to go on with life leave it be because others oppinons @MONTH1 not match yours .
Leave the materials alone because we as people need to see where not always going to get our way in life and to take hold of learning how to blow it off instead of making a big deal about something so little we could of walked away from