As many would agree , censorship is a growing topic of concern throughout the world .
I personally feel that censorship is necessary to a certain extent .
If one feels the content of music , a movie , or a book is questionable , he or she has the option of reading , listening , or watching .
Among many deabted materials , movies have ratings , just as music has 'bleeps ' .
Movies are rated ' @CAPS1 ' for all audiences , ' @CAPS2 ' standing for parental guidence , ' @NUM1 ' for parental guidence for ages @NUM2 and older , and lastly ' @CAPS3 ' meaning that anyone under the age of @NUM3 is either suggested or required to have an adult present during the viewing of the film .
At home , the ratings are all based on the parent's preference .
At the movie theatre , the restrictions become a sort of law .
Anyone below the age of thirteen is not permitted to see a movie that is ' @NUM1 ' or ' @CAPS3 ' unless accompanied by an adult ( anyone @NUM5 or older ) .
Anyone who isn't @NUM3 or older @MONTH1 not enter a movie rated ' @CAPS3 ' unless accompanied by someone @NUM7 or older .
Depending on where you are , the restrictions @MONTH1 be more or less harsh .
Ultimately , the rating system is intended to force parents to choose what is and isn't appropriate for their child .
As for music on the radio , all 'curse words ' are 'bleeped ' out .
If a person wants to buy their own music , artists are required to make two of the same album , one with censors and one without .
Thus creating a decision usually for the parents , usually assuming they are the ones to but the album or the music for their child .
When it comes to books , there are no ratings , just genres letting the reader know who the author's intended audience is .
Types of genres include 'adult ' , 'young adult ' and 'children ' sections in libraries and book stores .
Just like music and television , the final choice in the purchase is all dependent on the parents .
Even though many restrictions put in place , there are still some faults to the system .
Obviously if you are @NUM2 or younger , you most likely won't have identification .
This leaves the person working at the movie theatre the option to let in who they believe to be of age .
Looks @MONTH1 be decieving .
Buying music from the internet doesn't require any type of identification either .
How can they prove your age ?
When purchasing a book , not many cashieers would stop a child and say , 'that's innappropriate for you ' .
Maybe kids of all ages should have identification .
Although these are all underlying problems in the censorship system , it seems to all lead back to the parents .
Censorship is a huge topic of discussion for the parents of today's young and growing society , but in reality , if they have an issue with the content , they themselves will either rid of the material or prohibit the use and or puchase of it .
All in all , it's about the parents and their personal preference