Do people have the right to limit freedom ?
Do people have the right to limit imagination ?
Do people have the right to limit self expression ?
Many people in today's world think so .
Book censorship is a big deal in the world today .
Weather books deemed 'offensive ' should be taken out of libraries or not is a serious issue .
Censoring books not only limits self expression but it also limits knowledge and our constitutional right of free speech .
I believe people should not be able to censor books .
Censoring a book is like putting a limit on human imagination .
All through life people are urged to think outside of the box .
We are told as kids that being unique and diffrent is a good thing .
We are all told this and yet when writers express themselfs in books , the same people that told them to think outside of the box , want to censor their thoughts .
By censoring books , we are telling the world that imagination is a bad thing .
Many people want to censor books so their children can not read 'offensive ' matterial .
They feel that by taking books they feel to be 'offensive ' out of libraries , they can sheild their child from the bad things in the world .
This is not the case .
People @MONTH1 be able to censor books , but no one can censor life .
Children will learn 'offensive ' things with or without books .
Book censorship limits knowledge .
At the time it was written , The @CAPS1's of @PERSON1 , was a very scandels book .
Because of the laungauge this book used , many people thought it was trash .
Many people wanted it to be censored .
Today The @CAPS1's of @ORGANIZATION1 is a famous and classic book .
In fact , I was required to read it for school .
Regardless of the language this book used , it shows a part of @CAPS3 history .
And to think , if people back then would have removed it form the libraries , I most likely would never have read this book , and I would never have the knowledge I gained from reading this book .
It is our constitutional right to write and read the books we choose .
America was built on the idea of freedom .
Under the constitution we are garentied freedom of speech .
By taking books out of libraries , we are limiting our freedom of speech .
No one should be alowed to tell you that you can't read a book you want to read .
No one should be alowed to tell you that you can't write a book as you want to write it .
If we start censoring books , writers will be forced to censor their personal thoughts .
Making writers do that , limits thier freedom of speech .
If freedom of speech is limited , what other freedoms will also be limited with the years to come ?
Book censorship and censorship in gernal , is not a good thing ; all it does is limit things .
If we start censoring books , we are giving a messege to our children , that diffrent is bad .
If freedom of speech is limited , how long will it be untill our other rights are limited ?
Where will it end ?
Before removing even the first book from the shelf , we need to ask ourselvees this , do we have the right to limit freedom