Censorship 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other chldren have taken off the shef .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -that work I abhor -then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 was quoted from an author named Katherine Paterson .
I don't believe certain materials such as books should be removed from shelves under any circumstances .
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion about certain materials .
If books are removed from the shelves due to censorship , than what is the point of writing or even reading books ?
If people continue to remove books because they 're found to be offensive , then there won't be any books left to read .
I have seen many offensive books .
Whether it had something to do with religious beliefs or even revealing too much sexual content , I 'm sure it's offensive to someone somewhere .
Books are written by authors who believe they have the right to express themselves through writing .
If you are to take away or ban a certain book from the shelf , than what would the author who wrote the book think ?
@CAPS1 world is full of offensive and rather disturbing books .
It can't be right to just get rid of those things because they bother us .
Everyone has the right to read any book they want to .
Just because it offends one person , doesn't mean it offends everyone .
I believe censorship is unnessesary .
What gives anyone the right to remove or change something because it's inappropriate ?
I have personally read a few books that I wouldn't want little kids to read but that doesn't mean I should remove it from the shelves .
Perhaps , somebody else has been waiting to find that book .
If I did remove it than I 'm restricting others from experiencing the joys of reading that book .
Censorship in general is wrong .
Everyone is entitled to their own beliefs and different ways of expressing themselves .
I don't believe anyone has the right to take something , that someone has worked on for so long to make , and remove it because they find it offensive .
There will always be something out there that you won't approve of .
Just because you don't approve of it doesn't mean everybody doesn't approve .
Authors write books for a reason , musicians write music for a reason , people make movies and magazines for a reason .
What gives anyone the right to take something that somebody made and ban it from the rest of the world because it's offensive ?
Books are there to help us become more educated and more open minded towards different thoughts and ideas .
We shouldn't just ban them because they offend certain people .
If you don't like a book because it offends you , than don't read it .
It's just that simple .
If people continue to remove books because they 're offensive , then there won't be any books left to read .