If someone is looking for an offensive book , they are going to find it , whether it's collecting dust on a library shelf or is brand new in a book store .
The same goes for an offensive @CAPS1 , magazine , or movie .
Removing the offensive items from library shelves will only cause the people searching for these items to look elsewhere .
Different people have different opinions on what is offensive and what is not offensive .
The @CAPS2 @CAPS3 is an example of a controversial book that many people believed to be offensive to their religious beliefs .
While many people found The @CAPS2 @CAPS3 offensive , others enjoyed the story .
If the book had been removed from libraries because some people found it offensive , then others who really enjoyed the book would not have been able to read it .
Another reason libraries should not remove offensive items from their shelves is that , most likely , the entire book , magazine , movie , etc .
is not offensive the whole way through .
Even if a movie has one offensive scene in it , the rest of the movie could be a great story that many people would benefit from seeing .
It is the same idea with a book or magazine .
There @MONTH1 be a few offensive chapters or one or two offensive articles , but very rarely will you find a book , movie , or magazine that is offensive the whole way through .
Of course , there are still offensive items that would be bad for younger kids to see even with the one or two offensive scenes , chapters , or article .
There are easier solutions to this problem than having to remove the items from the shelves completely .
One solution to this problem could be for libraries to put age limits on certain items , so that younger kids can't check out materials that are too innapropriate .
But more importantly , this would be the job of the parents to monitor what their kids are reading , watching , or listening to .
Removing offensive books , magazines , music , and movies from the shelves of libraries would just cause more problems and complaints .
I think it is a good idea to leave the material on the library shelves and caution library users to 'read at their own risk . '