Censorship in school libraries is important , but at the same time it is not necessary .
I believe that many books in the school library are not apropriate for younger children , but these same books should not be taken out of our libraries becuase I feel like high schoolers are mature enough to be reading this material .
The material in this books are no differnt than what goes on in the high school years .
Most of these books give a prospective on real life stories and @MONTH1 be able to help someone cope and realize that they are not alone .
At the same time though many of these books do contain curse words , some sexual scenes , partying , drinking , and doing drugs .
These books are too old for a elementary school age child and maybe even a middle school age child to be reading .
For example the books by @PERSON1 , these books are about a girl who becomes addicted to drugs , pregant , in jail , and homeless .
I read these books , they are really good books , and they showed me how by just trying one drug , one time , could ruin your whole life .
I learned a lot from these books , but I don't think that anyone younger than fourteen should be reading them .
There should be a limit on the censorship .
Many things talked about in the books , are the same things talked about in the school hallways , what is the difference ?
That is why authors write about the things they do , so they can conect with teenagers .
Many books are an authors experience , so they are meant for high school age .
Many authors will put an age level on their books , like fourteen and older .
Librabries should pay attention to these ratings before putting the books in the libraries .
Someone @MONTH1 become offened by what they read in a book , but I don't think that book should be taken off the shelf becuase of one person .
If it becomes a bigger issue , than yes it should be taken off , but at the same time , that one book @MONTH1 be someone else's way from escaping the hardships in their life .
Many adults would disagree with my statements becuase they feel like if a teenager is reading about someone drinking , do drugs , or having sex , then they are more likely to do those things .
I feel like this is not true becuase the book I am reading now , they are partying and drinking , but I 'm not out doing that .
What is the differnce between someone reading it in a book and seeing it on television ?
I see many worse things on the @LOCATION1 than I read in books .
Parents should be happy that their teenager is reading and not playing video games or out with friends .
These are just my oppinons , some people @MONTH1 agree with me and others @MONTH1 disagree , but I am going to stick with my oppinons