Censorship in Libraries .
Censorship is a big conflict in many libraries .
@CAPS2 are plenty of offensive books that shouldn't be put on the shelves .
Many schools call these books , magazines , and movies , ' @CAPS1 . '
@CAPS2 is often a week where people read all of the books that have been @CAPS1 from school libraries .
I participate in this school wide challenge beacause I disagree with banning books .
Banning books can be good and also very hurtful in many reasons .
First off , I like to think of banning books or anything else from the author or writers view .
How would you feel if you spent around @NUM1 years writing this story/movie for kids that got @CAPS1 in the first couple of weeks it was on the shelves .
I don't think that many people would enjoy that .
I also think that many people don't think of authors at that big of a deal .
When I think of that it makes me think of all the things we couldn't read in our world .
Including , newspapers , books , and magizines .
Maybe even include the fact that it takes a lot of work to write the things on what people want to hear , or see .
I feel like when books or movies get @CAPS1 or removed , it makes the author feel like they 're worth nothing .
The parents point of view makes things a lot worse .
Think of it this way , your child comes home from school with this book that he/she wants you to read with him .
You sit down and start reading , when suddenly you come across a violent or inappropriate secne in the story .
You stop reading all of a sudden and look at your child who is enjoying this violence and loving this story !
What do you do ?
Many parents would call the school and explain what happened and complain about banning this book and taking it away from children that could get this book .
Taking it away has no point because just banning it from the school library doesn't mean that they can't find it elsewhere .
How do you think your child would feel having loved this story now it's gone ?
I know that it would make me feel like I did something wrong .
Taking things off shelves also has a good side to it .
When you take the book , movie or magizine off the shelf it is gone forever from that library .
This can be a good thing because then kids won't have the obvious reason to get the story .
If you don't want your child or other children to see it then it is quite a good idea .
It makes the @CAPS1 object harder to find and also harder for the kids to grab intrest to .
If the book or movie isn't around then they won't want to read the next one or see the next movie .
@CAPS2 are many different views on censorship , which could effect how people choose what happens in libraries .
My view on this topic was negitive and I support that fully .
If the author works hard on writing the story they shouldn't get punished for expressing their feelings in a story .
Many different poeple come across this issue and @CAPS2 are many different views on the topic .
Next @CAPS1 book week I 'll be supporting the authors that got crushed by their work getting @CAPS1 .
I hope that you will too .