Can books , music , movies , and other materials be perfect for everyone ?
Everyone has their own oppinion and beliefs on what materials are good , and what are not acceptable for the human minds .
All over the world young kids , young adults , and adults are reading books , magazines , listening to music , and watching movies .
Those are all hobbies most people enjoy doing .
Everyone reads different kind of books , whether its mystery , romance , or bible based books , people read .
Removing books , magazines , and other materials off the shelves in a library leads to an unsuccessful empty library .
When people come and search for a book to read , they search for what they think they will enjoy .
If they enjoy one thing , another person might not .
They might find a book offensive , but does that mean everyone else is offensive by the book as well ?
Taking that book out leaves the person who would enjoy that book stuck searching for another book .
Everyone is different , everyone has their own story , just like these books do .
Magazines are like books , they are meant to be enjoyed .
I believe some magazines might not be appropriate for some people , But that doesn't mean they should take it off the shelf .
It means that person should simply not read it .
Magazines are made for all people to enjoy , that's why there are so many different kinds .
They want to fit each magazine personally to each individual .
Music is the number one entertainment people enjoy .
There is a reason why there is so many different genres .
The music industry try their best to sort the music to your taste .
Just because one song has stuff in it you don't like doesn't mean you can delete that song from everyone .
Music is used for many different ways .
It relaxes you , pumps you up , it is used for parties , events , and so many other things .
All songs are different so you can use them however you want .
To band music because someone doesn't like it , changes music forever .
There would be no music to listen to .
People should be able to watch what movies they want .
That's why there are ratings on movies .
What is acceptable for teenagers , but not be acceptful for young kids .
That's why they should not watch it .
If people banned all the movies they thought were inapropriate .
There would be no rented movie stores , theaters , or success in the movie production industry .
Everyone should know what kind of movies they like , and they should just watch what they like , and leave the other movies for the people who enjoy it .
No , books , magazines , movies , and music can not be perfect for everyone .
Materials bring all different kind of subjects , and stories for everyone .
Each materials brings enjoyment to different people .
To band all the materials you believe is inappropriate will leave the shelves empty .
What kind of library is that