Dear newspaper , In my opinion I don't think that censorship in libraries should be on materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines and more materials .
Censoring materials in the library could resolve in many problems .
I don't agree with the censorship in libraries on materials for many reasons .
In my upcoming paragraphs , I will explain why I diagree with libraries having censorship on a lot of their materials .
Many libraries in the world @MONTH1 have censoring on their materials .
I believe that libraries have alot of censoring on most of their materials due to the fact that they @MONTH1 have children under the age of eighteen constantly viewing a lot of explicent content .
Libraries shouldn't censor their materials but in my opinion they also shouldn't let under age children check out any kind of material that is only ment to be viewed by adults .
Also if computer access is offered to children , an adult superior visor should be near by to make sure that no explicent content is being viewed .
Censoring in libraries could resolve in many problems , such as , customers not getting all the information they need for a centain material , children not reading up to their abilities or standards , and also children not learning enough or getting information that they need for school .
If all of these things happen prior to the fact that libraries have censors on their materials then many libraries will not get as any customers .
Yes , most people @MONTH1 visit libraries for the wrong reasons but to other people , those wrong reasons @MONTH1 be the reason for them to gain more information .
Materials in a library could also be found offensive to most people .
But what's found offensive to most people could be found useful to other people .
If something is found offensive to one person I don't think it should be removed from the shelves .
If books and or materials are removed from the shelves , that can hide so much useful information that people could gain .
In conclusion , I don't think censorship should be put on materials in libraries due to the fact that many information could be lost .
Censorship doesn't always mean that the material is bad , it can also mean that the material is just not appropreite to be viewed or read by that certain age group .
If a library that I visit has censoring on most of their materials , I would convince the library staff to take the censoring off .
Censoring is not always bad and it's not always good either but it can hide alot of information from us which is not good at all .