I think that all books , music , movies , magazines , and anything thats offensive should be took off shelves because @CAPS1 are lil kids that read books and they dont need to hear or reed offensive things .
But at the same time for the peope that do wan na hear or reed things like that then their should be a area in the librarie for materials like that .
@CAPS1 are all kinds of libraries that have offensive books , movies , magazines other reasons they should take offensive materials off the shelves because it could be racist or just offening certin things and people don't wan na see or reed about white people hating black people or black people hating white people or any type of racist things .
It shouldnt be alounded because it can hurt someones feelings .
I have my own observations with reading some books from my school librarie and have came acrossed some words that was offensive .
like in some books they use the word nigger and since im black it's offensive to me i know that they are not saying it to me but they still say it and it kinda touches me in a way .
Im not sayin that it is offensive towards all people but it is me so the way they could is like i said instead of having offensive books out on shelves they should have one area where materials like that could be found in stead of having the material where childeren and other people will get offened .
The last thing i wan na talk about is that for childeren and other people they dont wan na see nasty things that are in books if i had a kid i wouldnt want my childeren too c nasty things that could be offensive to .
@CAPS1 books also that talk about drugs and people dont wan na hear or read about that it .
but @CAPS1 are some people also that do wan na see or read about things like that like older people they have diffent point of views about things so thats why again @CAPS1 should be one area in libraries for materials like that .
In conclustion i think that @CAPS1 should hear me out and take in what i have to say because the material thats are in books , music , or magazines can be offensive to anybody any race could be offened by what they see or read so again @CAPS1 should be a place in libraries for that