Censorship is a big part of a lot of things at the library .
There are books , movies , magazines , and computers that anyone that want to get on can do so .
Kids love to go to the library to get books and just hang out with friends .
Strict parents might believe that books , magazines , and music are offensive and should not be at the library , But that isn't what everyone else thinks .
I believe people have different views about things .
There are people that think there kids seeing bad things will make them want to do it .
Others think there kids seeing those offensive things will make them learn from it .
Another thing that people believe is bad in libraries is the talking .
Not everyone that goes to the library wants to just sit and not talk to anyone .
Most people do not go to libraries because of that .
Libraries are fun to go to .
You can just about get any book there you want to read .
There is no point for any parent to be worried about there child reading a book that isnt for there age group , because libraries are very good at having the sections labled for age groups .
They also would not be able to check out the book because the staff there are good at making sure it isnt a book that shouldnt be read by that person .
Also most younger kids that go there are always with an adult .
So the parent can keep an eye on there kid if she doesnt believe its right for them to read the offensive books .
Parents should not let there kid go to the library without them if they are scared for them to do something or look at something bad .
Talking at libraries is always fun because you can talk about the book your reading or just hangout .
The staff and people there get so mad if kids are laughing or talking about something .
I think they should make a floor people can go to , to hangout and talk .
In libraries there are a lot of good things to do rather bad things people always feel welcome there .
Books that people say are offensive are usually the interesting ones .
So if you do not want to see or your kids to see the offensive books and movies you should make sure not to go in the adult section .