In many libraries there are books , movies , magazines , and music that people find offensive .
Some find them more offensive than others .
I believe that just because someone finds these things offensive that they shouldn't be removed from the shelf .
I believe this because other people @MONTH1 be interested in it , we need information from the resources in the libraries , and all books make people more intelligent .
These resources are in the library for a reason.If what is on the shelves is a distraction to people , they don't have to pay any attention to it .
People can find what they like and stay away from what they do not like .
For example , there are books that talk about real things that happen to real people in real life and some @MONTH1 not be able to handle the descriptive details that are given ; if it's not easy to handle then just put it back and go read something else .
Everyone in this world is different and we all like different things .
In addition , some books in the library are used for informational text .
College students , teachers , and students from all over the world need a library with these kinds of books , movies , music , and magazines .
For example , they @MONTH1 need these rescources to help out with a class or presentation .
If they were removed , they wouldn't have any way to find their information because it was found offensive .
Lastly , all books make people more intelligent .
Sometimes things are abstruse and these books help explain them better.We learn something new everyday and we learn it from reading out of books .
Not only books but magazines and movies help as well .
Reading books help people to get stronger with their vocabulary and communication.For example , the people who read more than others are usually the ones who like to be involved in plays and don't have a problem with speaking in front of people .
This is due to their intelligent reading levels .
They are more likely to remember better than those who do not read and also have a bigger vocabulary .
So as you can see , people like different things and some are going to find these rescources offensive .
Also , books are used to help people out and they make people more intelligent .
If books , movies , and music were removed then we would not have a better intelligence than we do now .
Every human being will have a problem some how and that is just what life is .
Life comes with problems and we have to learn to deal with them .
In fact , that is what we have to do when these problems come up because we all have a different outlook on everything but books being tooken off the shelves would not help anything ; they can only help us out