I do not believe books , music , and magazines should be removed from shelves .
Wherever you go in the world , whether you like it or not , your going to come in contact with things you don't find appropriate or you think are offensive .
@TIME1 world is far from perfect .
One reason i don't belive they should be removed is because it would be unconstitutional .
The freedon of speech and the press was not ment to be tampered with .
If a specific library thinks their articles are innapropriate , an easy solution would be to put these articles in a certain section of the library and warn people what they are .
The main reason I don't believe books , music , and magazines should be removed from the shelves is becuase the world is a nasty place and books are the least of your concerns .
Kids can't be sheltered their whole lifes , they need to face reality and books are a good source of that .
Kids these days are resiliant and can handle 'innapropriate ' content .
Parents need to face the fact that their kids are going to be exposed to offensive things in @TIME1 imperfect world of ours .
It's just a natural part of growing up .
Another contributing factor is that it would be unconstitutional to remove books and other articles from the shelves of @LOCATION1's libraries .
When the amendments freedom of speech and press were written down they were intended to stay there .
They are not guidlines that can be looked over , they are rules set in stone for @TIME1 great country .
People to @TIME1 for freedom over much bigger issues than books .
Who are we to tell people what they can and can't write down .
People's natural opinions can't and shouldn't be governed .
I think it would be a crime against @LOCATION1 to censor things in libraries .
My final reason for not censoring libraries is that it all boils down to the people running the library .
If they think some of their articles are profound and innapropriate , meerly isolate them to a certain section of the library and put a warning for people to see .
If people don't want to be offended they simply have to just stay away from these sections .
Take responsibilty for what is in these libraries that is apparently so offending and put them in their own area and stay away from them , do not take them out completely , because who knows someone @MONTH1 want that offending book .
These are all supporting opinions why I personally do not belive libraries should be censored .
@TIME1 world is far from perfect and it's not going to become perfect by censoring libraries .
Plus @TIME1 act would be completely unconstitutional .
Finally all the libraries have to do is exile these articles to certain areas of the libraries and slap a warning on them .
If libraries were censored there would be a lot of missing information in @TIME1 world because there are many things in @TIME1 world that are 'offensive ' to atleast someone