Everything is offensive to someone .
There is no way to make sure nobody is offended unless you have nothing to offend anybody at all .
If there is something on the shelf , someone can find something offensive in it .
here is a good senario ; there is a childrens book .
It is one of the gratest books ever written , but it was written before the civil war and there is a racist comment in it .
@CAPS1 good bye to that book .
Some people would probably think ' @CAPS1 its only a childrens book .
I 'm sure we will survive . '
@CAPS1 lets move on to a bigger idea .
What happens when someone says the bible is offensive .
@CAPS1 thats gone , but now its supports are saying the other people's entire religion is offensive .
Thats a couple more books .
Now we have violence .
Moderate censorship is acceptable for the young , but there is a line , even though it is hard to find sometimes .
Obsence images that are illegal to view by a minor are acceptable but those that are legal should be seen without censorship .
Censorship for those who understand is unacceptable , although select items should be viewed under supervision .
To strip the rights of a person is not acceptable .
The @LOCATION1 government has given people freedoms .
One of those freedoms is the freedom of speech .
This basically means i can say what ever i want and support whatever i want .
A book is a form of speech .
Although some speech is looked down upon , it should not be censored .
Censorship is just basically saying ; 'you can not say this . '
That moves on to ; 'you can not say . '
then ; 'you have no say . '
In developing countries , such as congo , if you go to the goverment and say what they are doing wrong and that you are agianst them , take a guess at what happens .
They shoot you .
A better word for that would be they censor you .
If you write a book saying how obama could be a better president , but someone finds it offensive , what happens .
They censor you .
Now you get no say in the matter because the supporters of obama dont want you to .
Do you see much difference ?
Supervisation is a powerful thing .
Guess what it can do better then censorship .
With a supervison , children can still learn about topics but are not simply thrown into the obscene areas of it .
A person is a human being .
That includes children .
The have a right to learn without the influence of others , but censorship denies them of that right .
Censorship should not be used in libraries .
It takes away freedoms and oppertunities for children .
It causes violence among people .
It scars culture , and ignores religion .
Although censorship has the ability to do more damage then any single person , it is not 'bad ' .
Censorship was created to protect people from things that they feel to be wrong .
But good intentions do not keep wrong consequenses at bay .