In this life time we will all have our own oppinions about topics and problems in the world .
There is a question that ponders in my mind .
Is censorship in libraries a problem or a right ?
If i was a parent , I think I would be able to understand why I mite want to have a book removed from a shelf , but the thing is though , it is unconstitutional to do that .
That is why in my oppinion censorship in libraries should not be aloud .
When I was twelve , one time at the library I was reading the back of a book , and my mom approached me and told me that book was a little too graphic for me to be reading .
It was about the @CAPS1 .
Now that I am older , I realize why my mom wouldn't want me to be reading a book like that at that age .
That is one reason I can understand why some one would want to have a book removed from a shelf , but they can not do that because , that book is there to remind us why we should never have another world war again .
I also think that everyone has there right of an oppinion on why somthing should be , or not should be done .
One thing that I have obserbed , is that when kids read bad things , and look at bad things , it can really have a big impact on there life as what they do in the future , and there present .
That reason it's self is a very good explanation on why I think that instead of censoring books , there should be some type of boundaries posted on what types of books should be read beyond a certain age , or if the child wants to read a certain type of book , the child must have a legal gurdian with them at that time .
With that being said , I have come up with , what I believe to be a very good idea on what should be done in libraries .
I think that any book that mite have somthing that is a little bit appropriate should be put into a section that is rated just like movies .
If somthing has a little bit of inappropriate language such as cursing , these books should be put in a section for people over the age of thirteen just like a movie .
Basically , the books will be put into sections depending on what they are rated just like a movie .
If the book is rated @CAPS2 , you must be over the age of seventeen to read it .
This idea could be a really good solution , that way no books would be removed , but also these books will be kept out of harms way of children .
Honestly , if I was a parent I would not want my children to indulge in reading of books that talk about sex , violence , and vulger , but also it is my belief that we all have our own oppinion , and have the right to be able to read and see what we want .
On thing I think we all need to think about is things that have been done in the past that have had huge benifits on our country .
Our four fathers , more than one hundred years ago wrote a document called the @CAPS3 of the @ORGANIZATION1 .
This document has amendments .
These amendments state that we have the right to speak , have oppinions , and read what we want because , we should have the right to live a free life .
To remove books from the shelves is unconstitutional , and I don't know about you , but I know that all the people that have gone against the constituotion have not found a great place in this world .
My basic belief is that , why remove a book from a shelf , when we can impervise so everyone is happy ?
If the world would just get over the harsh things of the books we can all come up with a solution .
There is an answer for this , books should not be burned they are master pieces .
Cencorship can not continue in libraries or there won't be any books left .