Dear , Newspaper editor I have recently been faced with a situation that has made me feel rather uncomfortable at my local library , I saw a rather graphic magazine being displayed in front of the entire library .
Now I know that those magazines are , for some , a point of interest , but to others they seem a tad bit crude .
It also came to my attention that magazines arn't the only form of crude murchandise on the selves of our local libraries .
They are also littered with movies , books , graphic posters , along with , what i find to be explicit music .
I know that it would be unreasonable for me to ask for the removal of the murchandise , but I would like to display a comprimise that could come into play .
What I believe to be crude , @MONTH1 for some be acceptable , but why should I have to be uncomfortable at a public place , while the other is unphased .
I believe that I have come up with a very simple comprimise , that would benefit me , as well as keep the murchandise avaiable .
Now most , to all should know that there are children sections in most , if not all libraries .
So I say this , what if we were to place all the explicit material in its own section , that way customers whom seek the material now know were to go to recieve it .
This way , I believe would lower the uncomfortable-ness of going to our public library .
The benefits of this comprimise seem endless , to me .
This way the children are left with a safe enviroment to pick out their books , and the adults that find it explicit have a comfortable surrounding to enjoy their excursion to the library .
Though I am not trying to benefit those whom seek the material , I think it would .
This way all of the material they want can be found in one place , and they won't have to go searching the entire library for it .
I think I speak for most when I say that our public libraries need to be a safe , family friendly enviroment , not only for children , but for those who wish to enjoy their library expierence .
Thank you for your time , @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 @PERSON1