There should not be any style of censorship in the @LOCATION1 .
I am a strong believer that our country is the best because we are allowed by law and the constitution to have our own ideals , likes , and even dislikes .
I understand that libraries are a place for all people of all ages , but I do not believe that they should censor what they put on their shelves .
In the US we are known for accepting all different types of lifestyles , and religions ; this is one reason I think censorship is against @CAPS1 policy .
One of the things that sparked our countries secession from @LOCATION2 , was censorship .
The @CAPS2 would not allow the colonies news papers to speak poorly of him or his ideas and policies ; this is why when the US was formed the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 built freedom of ideals and speech into the constitution .
I do , however , agree with some censorship .
The movie and song rating system is a form of censorship I believe to be needed .
with out this form of censorship , small children would be aloud to see and hear things they are not ready for .
This is also a good way for people to decide if they would like to experience the ideas and language presented by the matieral rated .
I think that there should be a rating system ( or explanitory system ) present in libraries .
Instead of pulling conservercial books off the shelves completly , we should rather put a warning on them .
I feel strongly that I have a right as an @CAPS1 to read and experience any type of book , music , news , or picture I would like to see .
If we start restricting what we as @CAPS5 are alowed to see , we start loosing our freedom ; we become like those who live in comunist countries where only what the government wants you to see is seen .
The statement made by Katherine Paterson supports my ideals greatly ; especialy 'And then we have no books on the shelf for any of us ' .
This sentence shows that if we start pulling or restricting the things people deem offiencive , there would be nothing left to read or enjoy .
Censorship in the @LOCATION1 is a direct violation of our consitiution .
I am a believer in , if it bothers you or upsets you , dont read it .
By doing this we can get rid of censorship , and be able to fully enjoy all our rights as @CAPS5 .
We also allow our right to be informed to be excercised .