I personally think that certain materials that are found offensive should not be removed from shelves .
I think this because it's parent's responsibilities to keep track of what their children read , watch , or listen to .
You can't get away from things that are offensive to some and everybody has a right to do what they want .
The first reason why I don't think offensive material should be removed from shelves is because it is the parents duty to watch what their kids are doing .
If parents don't want their children to observe this stuff , then they should keep it off limits .
I have heard some parents claim that they didn't know what the material was like , but that is why they made warnings .
That is no excuse .
The second reason for not removing offensive material is that there is no way to get away from it .
Now a days , material that is offensive to some is all around .
Shows , movies , and music , they all have something not suitable for all audiences .
Plus children will learn about this offensive material sometime in their life anyway .
If they do not hear about it in movies or magazines , they are probably hearing about it at school .
These days children learn about things sooner and sooner .
The third reason offensive material should not be removed from shelves is that everyone has a right to read or listen to whatever they want .
It is up to them as to what they want to watch , not everybody else .
They should be able to go in a place and buy something that they want to watch and not get questioned about it .
That is why I don't think offensive material should be removed .
It is the parent's responsibilities , you can't get away from it , and everybody has a right to do what they want .
A way to help with this problem is to move offensive material to a higher shelf .
This would make parents of younger children happy , but also the people wanting to view this material happy .
This way you are not completely removing it , but making it harder for younger audiences to get to it