In today's society it is easy to find small things that offend people wether it is politics or religion .
The truth is no one is able to keep everyone happy .
A major debate of today would be that of the media .
Should people have the right to remove books , music , movies , or magazines from our shelves because they are found offensive to one person ?
The answer is no .
Three important reasons support this answer : freedom of speech , freedom of the press , and knowing everyone can find something that is offensive .
When @LOCATION1 was finally free from @CAPS1 a main goal was to have our freedom of speech .
This was a huge achievement for the @ORGANIZATION1 .
Allowing people to remove matieral from our shelves would be breaking the one rule we worked so hard to gain .
People today rely on being able to speak their minds to be apart of their government .
Another law that @CAPS2's appriecate is , freedom of the press .
Being allowed to write how they feel is what @LOCATION1 is practically based on .
With out this wouldn't we be back into the old ways that @CAPS3 fought to change ?
This is a question you must think about when making this important decision .
Finally a huge impact on this decision is knowing that everyone has an opinion on something .
It is easy to find someone that is offened by the smallest of things .
What happens when someone decideds to find the @CAPS4 offensive to their religion ?
Do we take it off the shelve and tell the @CAPS5 sorry ?
If we decided to allow this would there even be books , movies , music , or even magazines for us ?
It is easy to assume just to take a book off the shelve because it's offensive to you , but what happens when we allow this to everyone ?
That is why when coming to a decision on how we should handle this , it is going to take much more thinking than a couple of days .
We must remember though the rights we are given as @CAPS3 ; the freedom of speech and the freedom of the press , and we must always think about how this is going to effect our later generations .