From the point of view of a student , books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should not be removed from shelves just because of the material it contains .
I read , watch , and listen to things everyday that my parents my not be too thrilled about , but it hasn't changed the person I am today .
You can't escape things like drugs , sex , and other explicit things that we might not want our children reading about .
It's in society .
These things are everywhere , and just taking these materials off the shelves are not going to solve the problem .
I think that we have a freedom to read about , listen , or watch whatever we would like , and removing these things takes away our freedom .
I think that inappropriate books , music , movies , magazines , and etc.
, should not be taken off the shelves .
'
@CAPS1 ' items are all over society .
It's everywhere you look .
Billboards , signs , books , magazine , music , television , movies , etc.
, but taking things like books , movies , music , and magazines off the shelves are not going to stop the inappropriate behavoir .
Everyone in society is still going to act this way , whether you can stop your children from hearing about it or not .
You still have commercials , billboards , etc .
What are you going to do ?
Ban your children from life in general ?
No , I don't think so .
Reading , listening , learning , about this stuff isn't going to make your child a horrible person .
I personally think , at a certain age , they need to know about this stuff .
For example , I 'm a good student , I behave well outside of school , I have good friends , and I get along with my family .
I also read every single one of @PERSON1 books .
All of them are about people who do drugs , are suicidal , and do sexual related things .
These books are extremely good .
Definitely the best books I 've ever read , but reading these books hasn't changed who I am .
I don't do drugs , I 'm not into sexual things , so why would it hurt if I read books about it ?
From my experience , reading these things are honestly kind of helpful .
It takes you deeper into things .
Everyone knows the basic learning you get in school , which is extremely @CAPS2 .
Reading these books , and listening to this kind of music , and watching these kinds of movies , takes a whole different point of view .
Back to my experience with the @PERSON1 books , you read stories that are based off of her life and relationship with her daughter .
Crank , @CAPS3 , and @CAPS4 is a trilogy of books that show the life of @LOCATION1 .
You see the struggle , the hurt , and the pain the family goes through as @PERSON2 starts to walk with the monster , also known as @CAPS5 .
Reading these books makes me realize that I don't want to ever put myself through the things @PERSON2 does to herself , and her family .
It gives a whole new look on things .
After reading these , I believe I won't ever do 'offensive ' things .
From my experiences as a student , I don't believe taking offensive material off the shelves is necessary .
It gives a deeper look into information about these things .
Also , you can't escape explicit material .
These things are a part of life , something you can't run and hide from .
You just have to accept the fact that it's there , and it's not going away .
If you think your children are going to start doing those kinds of things after reading them , talk to them about it .
You can't protect your children from offensive material .
At least not forever