Libraries are public for a reason , and that is to interest people with different types of entertainment .
I know some people have their opinions about things but that is why there are variaties because every single person is different .
In my opinion no I do not think certian materials should be banned becuase they @MONTH1 have a more mature content than others think is appropiate .
Disagree with me that is alright but , have you ever stopped to think about issues like this ?
Im going to list a few reasons with explainations on my opinion becuase I think they @MONTH1 point out a few good concepts on why I do not believe they should be banned .
First , in the present society everybody has different views and opinions on things that should be discussed .
The public has a right to entertain themself any way they would like to choose and with any material or subject matter they would like .
Taking away their entertainment would be the same as telling them that they can not wear the clothes they would like , or drive the car they want .
If you were to walk into a library and see a subject that does not fit your standards or interest than you should simply walk away and find a more suitable subject matter for yourself .
Some people look at things in a totally different way than you , @CAPS1 because you do not like different styles of entertainment does not mean somebody else dosen't .
Second , You would be takng jobs away from many people who love what they do .
People have an issue with some content of books , or movies , but that is sometimes based on what an author is feeling , or even what their life maybe like .
Others they write about real life events things that happen to normal people everyday , that should be looked up upon to have people write their stories down for the whole world to see .
Criticizing subjects of entertainment is downgrading different forms of art .
Pretty much what people feel like is , its not ok to have a mature subject discussed about in a book but in a painting it is , very hipocritical .
Lastly , If the material being pulished today was wanted off the shelfs of a library , than why would it even be printed and sold to people all over the world ?
It is because there are people who do like it and do not have a problem at all and like me is not bothered by it what so ever .
In my opinion i do not think any form of entertianment should be banned or taken away from society in anyway , because than you would be taking peoples joy