Books are gateways to other worlds .
Today there are books on almost any topic anybody could dream of .
People use books to forget their troubles and take a trip to somewhere outside of themselves .
Now the content of some books are not always appropriate .
Schools try to provide books that appeal to all audiences , but that ability is being impaired by books being banned from shelves .
Students then can't read a book simply because someone else didn't appprove of the content .
That is unfair and should be stopped .
Students should have the right to make choose what they want to read , yet some people want to take that right away from students .
Students , are also able to make choices on what's appropriate for them to read .
If lawmakers give in to the complaints of a few people it could hinder a students rights and make students believe that they are not trusted .
The content of what goes into a book is up to the author .
The books someone decides to read is up to that particular reader .
Sometimes authors go into extensive detail to get their point across or have a book with very mature content in them .
Now some people think that because a book is inappropriate in their views then it shouldn't be avalivable to read at all .
This is unfair not only to any potiental reader of that book , but also the author who worked hard to write that book .
Students are smarter than many people give them credit for .
They know what they should and shouldn't be reading , but if the choice of what they read is left up to other people they feel betrayed and untrusted .
Students have as many rights as people who don't go to school .
If books are being taken of shelves based on a few people opinions then their rights are being infringed upon by the people who deemed it inappropriate .
Now the students freedom to choose what they want to read is gone , and all that remains is books choosen worthy by other people .
Rights are something guarenteed to students as the enter school , buty now rights are slowly being taken away from students .
The right to choose what book they read is one that should not be taken .
As author Katherine Paterson said , 'If I have the right to remove a book from the shelf , that work that i abhor , then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
If one person says they think a book should be taken away , then another person wants another book taken away , until the point where no books are left then how will students ever get to read ?
Books are essential to a students growth into adulthood .
If people gain the right to take books off shelves then music , movies , magazines will all get taken off shelves too .
Books are for any reader that decides they want to go to that world .
Students have the right to choose what books they read , as well as the ability to know what they should read .
Books should remain where they belong , in schools on the shelves .