There are many materials in libraries that are offcensive to certain people .
I don't think they should be taken off the shelves but I do believe they should be put into a different section in the library .
Almost every thing in life offends someone in one way or another .
It @MONTH1 be as little as 'blonde jokes ' or as major as saying something about someone's sexuallity .
I know little kids wouldnt understand those types of things but parents can't keep their kids hidden away forever .
If someone says something about someone else , then I do believe it's wrong .
I mean think about how many 'blonde jokes ' there are .
A lot of blondes I know , don't take those jokes seriously .
One of my good friends is a natural blonde and she is probably the smartest blonde I have ever met .
Whenever she hears a blonde joke she laughs and say something funny to go with it .
Probably one of the most major things that people get offended by is politics or someones sexuallity .
Politics create huge problems for people who don't think something should be one way and then if the governer turns around and says something and someone else will take it way to serious .
Many people who have are different because they dont like who they are 'suppose ' to like are always offended by someone in some shape or form .
It's not like parents can keep us away from it forever .
Little kids become teenagers , teenagers because young adults who eventually become adults .
People should learn how to deal with different struggles in life .
So in conclusion , if a parent doesn't want to expose their child to things they thing is offensive then good for them but other people like to learn about the things that people find offensive and that create problems in the @LOCATION1 .
I believe that by leaving the books , movies and magazines on the shelves in a seperate area of the library isn't a bad idea .
Think about it , if you take books away from people who want to learn about the different things and want to know why people get offended , wouldn't they feel offended too because you took that away from them