Some books are offensive to some people .
But eveyrone has the right to read any book they want .
I believe we shouldnt censor books that are found offensive in schools .
If people find offensive from the beggining , find another book to read or talk to the teacher .
I have had my experience with books who are offensive to me .
Everyone has a book they have read that does that to them .
But that same book i have read might be interesting to other people .
Whatever doesnt @CAPS1 you makes you stronger , right ?
So don't take a book in a hurtful way .
Books are meant to be read and some authors direct the book to certain people .
I had poeple come up to me from our own school saying the books they read were a horrible experience .
Specially when all they talk about is suicide and one of my best friends has trouble with that because of her dad .
I told her to talk to her teacher and he changed the book for her .
Thats all you have to do and not make anything big about it .
I also read the book , 'To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 ' , which is censored in some states because its hurtful to some people .
The story is about a white family trying to help an @CAPS3- @CAPS4 man who was accused of raped when he never commited such thing .
That was not acceptable at the time and with all the evidence in the world they still couldn't help him .
Its a great story about what black poeple went through in earlier years .
And to think they would censor a story about a white lawyer trying to help someone who isn't his own race is inspiring to me , not offensive .
He got harrased and his children got harrased but he still fought with all he had to save his deffendant .
I am a @NUM1 year old boy who when he read this book knowing who had a heart and who didnt made me cry my eyes out .
It's sad to know this book is censored in some states when this is defenitely one of the best books i have ever read and also the only one that got to me .
It would be a great experience for anybody to read this book so even if it is censored where you live , go buy it and read it anyway .
I feel the state assumes they are gon na offend people .
They might not even test it anyways .
They might just say its gon na offend this kinda people and thats it .
How do they cokme up with it ?
Do they let everybody read it once ?
No , and they should just leave it whoever doesn't read it doesnt have to or they can talk with their teacher .
Its not so hard to decide to censor something when its only your opinion .
Thats why i would look into the opinion of others .
All in all censorship shouldn't be allowed .
It ruins the oppurtonity for people to read books they might find good and interesting to them .
Let the kids read atleast in highschool when they are all almost adults so they can read whatever they want