Does it ever come to mind when your child says they 're going to the library to study , but in reality they could be going there to find books about murder , violence , or possibly helpful information .
@DATE1 when searching through the library you never know what @CAPS3 will find on the shelves .
Most of the topics of books , music , movies , or magazines are helpful .
But there's always that one @CAPS2 that you don't want your child finding , or that one movie you just hope your child isn't watching !
I strongly believe that the the types of topics like violence and murder should be taken off of the library shelves .
When going to the library parents should be able to trust that their child is actually going there to study , not to look up bad books , movies , or magazines .
Too many books and movies are showing that relying on violence is a good thing .
For example when children are searching for a good book they aren't looking for something boring , they 're looking for something that catches their eye .
Most of these books resulting to violence .
The more kids read about this , the more they think violence is okay .
Also magazines like ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' or ' @CAPS3 @CAPS2 ' are now showing stories of drugs use , teen pregnancy , or death of famous @CAPS3 .
@DATE1 our world has been increasing in the drug use of teens and adults , also the pregnancy rate of teens has went up dramatically in the past few years .
These two things are not okay .
I personally believe the reason these two topics have went up is because kids are thinking it's fine since they 're reading about it in the new magazines , or seeing it on a tv , or reading about it in a book .
Kids or teens are believing it's easy to have a child at such a young age , or using drugs is cool because all the hot famous @CAPS3 are using them , which is shown in the magazines and books .
But what kids aren't understanding is that it's really not as easy or fun as the movies , books and magazines are making it sound .
What happened to the library's that had information that was actually helpful in school ?
I understand that @CAPS3 are wanting to read about famous @CAPS3 and what's new with them .
But when all of these types of books , magazines , and movies are put into our libraries it is limiting the amount of actual helpful information kids need for school or adults are needing for work .
When I was younger , I would go to the library and I either went thier to study or to check out a good book .
Not a book about violence , murder , or teen precnancy .
Kids need to be able to rely on the libraries for a good book or information that will help them in school , not on topics that don't relate to school at all .
As author , Katherine Paterson said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf ' .
I believe she is correct , these types of books , magazines , and movies that we don't want our kids finding need to be removed from the shelves of our libraries @DATE1