People have a choice on the types of literature they want to read wether it offends them or not the chose to read it .
Books should not be removed from the shelves of libraries.They need to try to avoid the books that @MONTH1 be offensive to them .
Now if they cant then thats not the libraries fault .
Books should not be removed for many reasons .
One of the many reasons books should not be removed is because they know the risk they take when entering a library , and that's their decision that they are making and sometimes decisions have consequences .
When and if they are offended , they will know the types of books that offened them so they would just have to do a little better job of avoiding those books .
Another reason would be the libraries dont know what offends people it can be one little thing in a book but that doesn't mean that book should be removed from the shelfs .
Also just cause one person tihnks its offensive doesn't mean that others will .
People arn't all offended by the same thing some people are offended by little things , meaning they 're offended easily , some arn't offended so easy , that means it make take more serious things than a book to offend a person .
Another reason books shouldnt be removed is because students need them for projects and school assignments .
Some school assignments require you getting a little offended exspecially if your african american and you get an assignment on slavery or something during that time .
But we need to learn about past experiences and our history and we couldnt do that if some people are trying to remove some of those books from the shelf .
You @MONTH1 get offended but there is no reason to remove that book that others will need at sometime.Find another way to solve that problem .
There are other ways to solve problems like these such as tagging the books with a yellow small sticker so it would warn people that the book offended someone .
There is no need to completly remove the book .
Another solution would be to maybe seperate the books , meaning put the books in a diffrent location of the library if the get more than a couple complaints of being offensive .
Also when someone check out a book the librarian can warn them that the book has been tagged with a yellow sticker and its possible that it @MONTH1 offend them .
Thats why removing books from shelves arn't cause for .