There are plenty of books that people don't want their children reading .
Books such as ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @PERSON1 ' is a book I had read and it was very out there and straight forward .
But I would have to disagree I think those books deserve to be read .
It shows kids that not everything is perfect .
People complain about how they think books are bad or things people say on @CAPS3 or in music is bad but if you don't want to listen to them , don't let your kids listen to it .
If parents are so worried about what kids are reading or learning because of the world we live in now , lock them up .
But I do have to agree with one thing , there are alot of bad things in muic and magazines but I think it can be avoided and not be caused to crupt a kid .
I 'm very into music and some music I dont listen to because of the things in it but I dont let that music or magazines change my option on things .
I dont think people should be able to take books of the shelfs becaue it doesnt give other students or people to read them .
Some people get inspired by books about drugs , not like to use them but to know that there are people out there that have overcome stitutions just like them .
I like reading books about teenage problems and like to know all the different ways people have overcome them and see how they live .
If people can get offended off of a book or movie I don't think they have a right to take that away .
I think people that feel offended by books , magazines , and movies should stay away from them if they are offensive to them , because everyone has an option and not everyone thinks the same things .
With all the bad or good movies or books out there , I 'm certain someone at least feels offended by one or two books or movies but that isn't a reason to want to take it down .
Because once you do that someone will take a book you thought wasn't offensive and it will make you mad .
I think if people stayed away from things that offended them and stayed close to books that they liked we wouldn't have much of a conflict unless you get that picky , always wanting to start a fight person to find something else to be picky about with the books or magazines or movies