Do you think having inappropriate or offensive books , magazines , movies or music should be found in a public library ?
Some books could be very offensive to people and when they take their children or younger siblings to the library , they don't want them looking at that .
Others prefer looking at it which would anger them if they were taken away .
Not all parents find some of the things in libraries offensive , even if they @MONTH1 be .
Having music , magazines , movies or books that aren't appropriate for children should just be put into a different section , not taken away from those who enjoy it .
Even though having children look at something they shouldn't could be bad , it's also bad and unfair to those who only come to the library to view those things .
It shouldn't be taken away from them .
If parents don't want their children seeing those things , the shouldn't take them to that section .
Some adults don't enjoy seeing it , which can be understandable .
No matter what , someone wouldn't be very happy about the decision .
In libraries , there is usually an adult section and kids section .
If an adult doesn't want their child seeing something , they could simply take them to children's section where it won't be seen .
In the children's section it's hard to find things that would be considered 'offensive ' to adults .
For the adults or teenagers who enjoy viewing these things , they could be in a section far away from the children .
Taking things that people like away from someone is wrong and it would be mean to take that away from those who enjoy it .
Recently , the world has been turning into something it shouldn't .
Some of the most disgusting and cruel things happen every day and you could probably find this news in a library .
It's understandable if you wouldn't want your child around that , but I it's wrong to take away those things from the people that love that stuff .
For example , scary movies could be very disturbing and too violent for a young child but they could be an adults favorite thing to watch .
Thats why , if you put the more offensive things in a different section , the kids wouldn't notice it was even there .
If children were put into a different section , they wouldn't even notice the offensive things adults find .
Taking away the things some adults @MONTH1 find offensive is like taking away the children's section , unfair .
It wouldn't be fair to take away something that some adults or teenagers only come to the library for .
Not all adults would understand both sides but I can see where both sides are coming from .
If I had children I wouldn't want them seeinig things that are offensive , but I would keep them away from it instead of promoting against it .
Having music , magazines movies or books that aren't appropriate for children should just be put into a different section , not taken away from those who enjoy it