There are millions of books and other media in libraries all across the world .
Millions of people read and listen to those materials every day .
Some people @MONTH1 like certain books or media and dislike others .
Many people dislike certain materials because of their content .
Everyone has the right to read and watch what they want and not everyone will read or watch the same materials .
Although some materials @MONTH1 be offensive , they should not be removed from the libraries .
Books and other media should not be removed from library shelves because what some people find offensive does not offend other people .
Everyone has a right to their own beliefs and opinions .
If someone wants to read a book or watch a video , they should be able to .
What is offensive and what is not is a personal choice and it all depends on that person's point of view .
If someone thinks the content in a book , song , or movie is offensive , then they should not read or listen to it .
Materials should not be removed from libraries because they can be used to learn history and other things that people should know about .
Take , for example , the @CAPS1 .
There are thousands of books on the @CAPS1 and many movies as well .
These materials should not be removed from library shelves because even though some people find them offensive , they can be used to teach people how horrible it was so that it does not happen again .
People should inform themselves about something before they view it so that they are not offended by the content inside .
Some content in history is very mature and should only be viewed by mature audiences .
The offensive content should not be removed from libraries because it is usually in a mature section and it has a right to be there .
Most content that some people find offensive is for adult audiences .
There are not children's books that talk about things that parents would find offensive to their children .
The content has a right to be there .
If the author or publisher took the the time to create the work , then they should recieve credit for making it .
In the @LOCATION1 , there is freedom of speech and people should be able to say what they want to say .
If the content is too offensive then it should be removed but only under special circumstances .
The content in libraries , offensive or not , should not be removed .
People can read or watch whatever they want .
Many people have many different opinions on what should and should not be in libraries .
The libraries are public and they are shared .
No one person has the right to dictate what should and should not be in libraries .
If it was not for libraries , the people in society would not be as smart as they are