Have you ever wondered why a movie you rented from a library when you were younger , isn't there today ?
This is due to censorship .
Libraries censor certain books if they believe them to be inappropriate for young children .
Should censorship be allowed in libraries ?
Everyone has their own opinion , as do I , and I believe it should be allowed .
Censoring books allows libraries to withhold books , movies , magazines , music , and more from children who are not quite mature enough to handle the contents within the material , rather it be curse words in a movie , book , or music , nudity shown in magazines , or fighting shown in a video game .
Young children look for role models , someone to follow , therefore , more than likely they are going to repeat what they hear or see .
Some children are not quite mature enough to understand that it's not alway 'okay ' to repeat what you hear , some words are inapporopriate for young children .
Maybe they saw that on a movie , a man or woman solved a problem he or she had by fighting , the young child @MONTH1 take the message the wrong way , and try and solve one of his or her problem by fighting .
I believe that an age limit should be set for certain types of materials .
Children that are under the age of @NUM1 should not be watching movies that are rated @CAPS1- @NUM1 .
There is a reason the rating is what it is .
Just because your child is not allowed to rent/check out whatever the material @MONTH1 be , doesn't mean that you couldn't check it out , maybe go home and watch/listen/read/play it .
If it doesn't seem to violent/graphic for your child then allow them to watch the movie , read the book , or play the game .
That is your choice , but a library doesn't want to be blamed for your @NUM3 year old coming home cursing and fighting .
My sister took my neice to the library once to rent a movie , it was a childrens movie , and my sister thought nothing harmful would come about it , but in one of the scenes , there was some arguing and fighting , and my neice began arguing with my sister , and hitting her , and my sister wasn't very pleased that they allowed that movie to be on the childrens floor of the library .
Censorship is a wonderful thing to have in libraries .
Maturity level for some children is just not quite high enough for them to see/watch/listen/play certain materials .
Not only should censorship be allowed , it should be enforced .
I believe all libraries should have to have censorship in their library