One @MONTH1 walk into a library , look over at a magzine rack and think , ' @CAPS1 is that in the young adult section , the content of that book is not age appropriate ? '
In many libraries , some books are not censored and catagorized the way they should .
In some of the reading material , one might not even realize that some inappropriate things are in it .
Supervision of children and young adults are not always looked upon , and some of these people might not even know what they are checking out .
Censorship needs to be pushed more in libraries .
In most libraries , the catagories for books are children , young adult , adult books by genere , magazines , and music , but what needs looked upon is what is on the inside covers of those books .
Some magazine articles are not appropriate for some teens , even if it does claim to be age appropriate .
I remember when I was fourteen , I read a series that was related to colors off the color weel .
Each one covered a different topic such as suicide , alcholism , drugs , sex , same sex dating , and jealousy .
Looking back on it , I am surprised I was allowed to check them out at the library .
A fourteen year old didn't need to read books on such heavy topics.Also , language in books and music maybe unappropriate for children , and @MONTH1 be distasteful and disrespectful for some adults .
The catagories need to be catogorized even more , so people further know what they are getting into when checking out a book or magazine .
When a child goes up to check out a book they found , a librarian sometimes doesn't even pay attention to the book they are getting , they simply check it out .
Libraries should have a rating system like movies do .
Generally people would not let their ten-year-old go to a movie rated @NUM1 , @CAPS2 or that is unrated , so @CAPS1 would they let their child get a book holding the same content ?
If books had a rating system , that ten-year- old would not get their hands on a book rated ' @CAPS2 ' or ' @CAPS4 ' for mature .
In libraries there is not as much supervision as their needs to be .
I am aware that libraries are not day-care center and the librarians are not babysitters , but there also needs to be stricter guidelines , because some people are not fully aware of what their children or what they , themselves , are reading .
For example , a thirteen-year-old girl wants to check out @CAPS5 magazine , because her best friend's older sister gets it .
The girl's mother allows it because it probably won't be too bad and she assumes her daughter wants to look at the pictures of new clothes and trends .
What the mother @MONTH1 not realize is in the middle of the magazine contains an article about sex and protection , and that @MONTH1 open a whole new world for the little girl .
Even though the mother shouldn't have had let her daughter check out the magazine , if the guidelines were stricter at the library the girl might have never have read that article .
Even if librarians had to check or scan a person's library card to make sure they can be in the section or be reading a certain book , it would be protecting many more people then it would be hurting .
If libraries censored books better , then children and teens @MONTH1 not be reading things not age appropriate to them .
I ' @CAPS4 not saying that books should be removed off the shelf , just maybe put up higher , and be watched over more carefully