No , I don't think that books or any other material should be taken off shelves in libraries just because some people might find them offensive .
I think that if a parent sees something that they do not want their child reading , then it is in their right to not allow that child read it , but it is unfair to take it off the shelf entirely .
That book that has been marked 'offensive ' could have been a way for another person to learn about that book and possibly gain something out of it .
There are some non-fiction books out there that can marked as 'offensive ' , and they are just that non-fiction .
It is something that really happen and anyone can learn something from it by reading it , and to take it away would be taking away the knowledge that another person could have obtained .
I believe that in a library people should have a choice to read what they choose and not have it ripped off the shelf just because parents don't want their child reading it .
I think that if they do not want their child to read it , then the parents can tell that child that they don't want them reading that and then everybody wins .
I know that I have read some non-fiction books that would be marked by some people as offensive , but with that book I also learned much about the topic at hand .
To take away that book would be showing that you care only about how it might be offensive to some people and not how it could help extend the knowledge of another .
If we are to take away every book that might have a racial slur here or an act of violence there , what would we have left our children to read and to learn from .
They read these books and they can find out how that racial slur or act of violence as hurt someone emotionaly and physicaly , and that they should never do it in fear of the concicence that they might have to face later on .
Overall , I think that the books and other material in libraries should be kept on the shelves , and if someone finds it offensive or anything else they shouldn't read it and not deprive someone of that knowledge .
We live in a world today where education is everything , and we think that everyone should have an education .
But if we take away every book that a person does not like then what do we have left to learn from .