Censorship in libraries is an inportant thing in schools and in the public .
It is inportant beause some of movies , books , and magizines have a bigger influince on the kids then most people think .
Like some of the really gory movies the are always people in the movie gettin cut up or shoot .
Do you really think that some kids dont think about hat stuff .
Somtimes the kids can get it in there head that they can do what they see or read .
Like in the movie @LOCATION1 @CAPS1 they are beating up and killing people just because they are colored .
And some kids @MONTH1 think that that is ok. And they can go down to there librarie and just get it off the shelf and check it out and go home and watch it .
Now if you r using it as a thing to teach kid that it was the way things use to be and that it is wrong then that is ok. You can teach your kids all you want just make sure that it is the wright thing .
And some magazines that are in the schools or in the public librarie are just not the kind of thing that kids should not be looking at .
Like the gun magazines or the hunting magazines the just show that it is ok to carie a gun were ever they go .
And the hunting magazines just show that you can go out and shoot stuff .
And some kids @MONTH1 be confused that you need a lisense to do all of that .
You have to at least put and age limmiet of some stuff .
Go's the sameway with some of the books they always start out good and then the just turn into a big mess of gor and vileance .
Like the spere it started out with a group of people going under water to explore a ship .
And they find a big shpere and they go in it and get these powers and they imagin it and it comes true .
Well when a kid reads that they @MONTH1 think that they can do that and they start imaging that they can eather hurt or really do some damage to someone .
And then when they find out that it wont work they @MONTH1 do it to them themselves .
So it just come to show that you should censor some of the stuff that you have in your libraries and if you can take them out then at least put and age limite on them