Censorship in Libraries Author Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '
@CAPS1 are many books , magazines , and movies out @CAPS1 that contain content not necessarily appropriate for young children .
Part of a parent's job is to ensure their children are safe and looking at materials appropriate for their age level .
However , this does not mean taking materials off of library shelves for everyone .
Censorship in libraries rids people of their freedom to choose .
Also , content that is inappropriate for children @MONTH1 be fine for adults to read .
It is the responsibility of the parent to censor what their child takes off the shelf .
All people of @LOCATION2 have certain rights allowing them to express themselves and to be free .
People have the freedom to choose , whether it is books , magazines , movies , or music .
Everyone is different and this causes the interests of each person to be different , also .
Libraries offer a variety of materials and this allows people to choose what they want based on their interests .
Censoring the content on the shelves of libraries @MONTH1 be a good idea for children , however adults have the right to choose what they want to take from the shelf .
Would you like to have a portion of your freedom taken away ?
Censorship would greatly lower the freedom of everyone and their individuality .
Furthermore , censoring what is on the shelves of libraries limits the range of materials that are available to patrons .
@CAPS1 is content out @CAPS1 that children should not see ; however adults have the right to choose what they want to read and come in contact with .
Although certain materials are not meant for children to see , adults @MONTH1 find it enjoyable and interesting .
Libraries offer a large range of materials and this allows people to express themselves and find entertainment .
@CAPS1 are many different types of books and music out @CAPS1 and censoring these would greatly limit the variety .
In addition , parents have the responsibility to watch over their children .
They choose what @CAPS1 child wears , where they live , and where they attend school .
It is no different when it comes to books , movies , and music .
Each parent has a different style of parenting and they choose what works best for their child .
If one parent finds something to be offensive or inappropriate , they shelter their children from it .
However , another parent @MONTH1 not have a problem with it .
The content children choose from library shelves should be at the discretion of the parent .
Afterall , you can not shelter children from everything .
Censorship in libraries results in more problems than solutions .
It rids patrons of their right to choose and their freedom .
Censoring materials also greatly limits the variety of content available for people to choose from .
It is not the responsibility of the law to choose what children can and can not read , but rather the parent's job to watch over what they take off the shelf .
As citizens of the @LOCATION1 , we have rights and freedom allowing us to act as indivuals .
Censoring the materials on library shelves results in very little materials left .
As Katherine Paterson said , 'And then we have no books life on the shelf for any of us .