Censorship Censorship is it needed in todays societey ?
Where things that were considerd bad @NUM1 even @NUM2 years ago are ok today to be veiwed read listened to and so on .
Is it a needed process or should libraries have free will to stock there shelves with what ever they seem fit to be there.Is it still a good process to use or is it a outdated uneeded resource that is now no longer needed .
Everybody in todays soicitey says to read , but libraries @MONTH1 not have the type of litature that your are in to , so why would you want to read somthing that you do not like because the library dos not have the book that you wanted to to see i. I believe that censorshop in libraries should be their to remove any book the find offenseive or immoral from there libary .
I do not belive they should remove books becasue of bad language , or somthing about god .
I think that books or magazines or movies with ' @CAPS1 ' content should be removed from libraries if they see it fit .
Libraries should only feature books tht they want to have not ones that are popular but considerd 'bad ' by the library .
They should only have books they want to have .
I do believe that their should be censorship in libarys .
I just do not belive that it should be a harsh system .
I think that they should set standards on what they want to have and following those standards on books they buy .
I do think however that some libraries will set their standards to low or high that they wille ether have many books that are considerd 'bad ' , or no books at all .
It is a very fine line when it comes to materials that the library has to be considerd good or bad .
I think libraies should havea set of standards nation wide to set what type of material is good for libraries .
I believe that censorship is still a needed , and helpful process .
I just think that it is to much of a opionated process .
not enough facts or opions of the poeple .
I think that is should remain in use for society i just belived it should be more under control then it is today .