Author Katherine Paterson proclaims , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf - that work i abhor - then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
A controversial issue in today's society are people's conflicting views on censorship in libraries .
Many types of books , magazines , music , movies , and much more have been banned from being put on the shelves of libraries because of their content .
From personal experience , observations , and reading of the issue censorship should not be allowed in libraries .
The shelves of libraries will soon be empty if censorship continues .
Certain readings , and types of entertainment have already begun to disappear one by one .
It is understandable if one person does not agree with the material being placed into these books , but why should they ruin the entertainment for everyone else ?
From my own experience , people in my elementary school were not able to enjoy reading a popular series of books at that time period .
Since I went to a @CAPS1 school , the priest at the corresponding church during that time decided he did not agree with the content in this certain series of books .
As a result , he took charge and made the staff of the school remove those books from our school library , and no student was allowed to come to school with one of those types of books .
If it had been up to him , he would have decided to go ahead and take out all those books from everywhere in the world .
Just because one individual does not agree on the content of that book , they should not be able to have the power to banish the lovely leisure for the rest of the population .
Authors and artists of books , movies , and music have the freedom to put into them whatever they choose .
It should not be up to their audience to decide whether or not it is appropriate .
The concept is quite simple ; if the reader or viewer does not think they would agree with the work , then they should not spend their time to read or view the pieces at hand .
Just because they might not completely think what the content entails is necessarily appropriate , someone else might enjoy it .
Censorship is wrong for this very reason .
The creators of their work are most likely proud of what they have accomplished and would like their audience to enjoy it to .
The audience they are trying to appeal to @MONTH1 not have the same taste in style as someone who the work was not necessarily meant to have their own opinion on the matter .
Books should not be able to be taken out of libraries because what one person might think is not appropriate to be placed into public , another person @MONTH1 enjoy thouroughly .
Likewise , if the content of a work of literature does not appeal to an individual then it should just simply not be read by that person .
As humans , there is the freedom of choice as to what people would like to read , and what they would not like to indulge in .
So make the correct choice in deciding what you want to read , and do not ruin the enjoyment for many others .
In a great deal of different types of literature censorship is touched on by the authors .
For example , in the popular prize-winning novel , @CAPS2 @NUM1 , books are burned , or 'censored ' because they contain information people should not be aware of in that period of time .
However , in today's world books are a major type of entertainment and are important in the knowledge of everyone .
Books provide so much information on almost every subject known to human-kind that it would be such a dramatic loss if now books were burned if caught reading one .
Paterson does point out that everyone has a right to their own opinion of this matter , but if people do not take the right approach to solving this situation , there will be no books left on library shelves for several generations after to enjoy for themselves .
Every individual has their own right to be able to read books and absorb all the wonders and knowledge they contain .
As a result of the growing awareness of censorship in today's libraries , people @MONTH1 never be able to enjoy certain types of books , movies , music , and magazines .
From my own past experiences on this situation I know how wrong it is to take away someone's own privelage to enjoy types of literature .
People should not have a say whether something is appropriate or not to be taken out of libraries .
If the individual does not simply agree with the specific content of the work then they need to accept it and move on instead of causing millions of others to not enjoy it .
Also , from different types of reading , censorship has definitely become a serious issue , but it should be abolished .
Keep the books that are on library shelves now for many generations to come and enjoy for themselves