Censorship is a law and it is commonly broken .
You can not censor any books , movies , music , or magazines .
The law of censorship is usually broken in libraries .
I feel that censorship affects the writers and school system .
In the US people have the right to expressed their beliefs and feelings on any type of topic that is brought up .
Many libraries are taking away the right of that by not allowing certain books to not be read in classes or not allowing the students to watch certain types of movies .
I think that this would offend the person whom wrote the book or the writter of the script for a movie .
If they librarian doesn't want a certain type of book in her library then she shouldn't have that job or she shouldn't have books at all .
Just because she doesn't like the genre of books doesn't mean that somebody else who comes in won't want to read it .
If a teacher doesn't want her class to see a movie because it's something that she doesn't like then she shouldn't even show movies at all in her class .
In school we aren't allowed to read about certain topics in the library , because the school system feels that it is bad for us to know about .
If we want to learn about something we should be able to .
Maybe we don't want to learn about something the teacher is teaching us about .
Do we take away everything the teacher used to learn about that topic ?
Do we take the teacher out of the classroom ?
No .
We show respect and we read what they want us to read about and we listen to what they have to say about the topic .
It's respect , we learnt that in kindergarden .
I think that they should show us respect to and let us read and watch movies about the genres of books and movies they take away from us .
Censorship is illegal where we live .
But why isn't it taken seriously by the government ?
I think that they need to realize that what they are allowing is discrimonation to the writer .
We get in trouble if we virbally discrimonate somebody .
So why are they not doing anything about the physical discrimonation ?
We should be able to have higher knowledge on a topic we feel the need to learn about .
I think this law should actually be enforced instead of ignored .
It isn't fair to us or the writter .