Do you think that books that have vulgar things in them should be on libaries shelfs ?
We all know that there are books out there are parents hope we never get a hold of .
In this time try and find a good action movie without cuss words in it .
It is nearly immposible to do that .
Just because books have vulgar language , blood and gour , and sexual things , doesn't mean they should be pulled off the shelf .
Have you seen the banned book list lately ?
I have and some of those books on there are ridciolus .
Here are a few @PERSON2 , @PERSON1 , @CAPS1 @CAPS2 , and @CAPS3 @PERSON2's @CAPS4 .
I could go on and on , the list is a mile long .
Some of these books have historical meanings behind them .
There is also morals behind them .
I think that books should not be pulled from the self because they have a few bad words in them .
It's not liuke we have never heard them words .
In @CAPS3 @PERSON2's @CAPS4 they have banned it from schyools because of the use of the word 'nigger ' .
This is not a nice word in our day and time .
Back when we had slaves that is what they were called .
It is points and views from an anti-slavery author .
In @CAPS7 @CAPS8 it is banned because of animals talking .
Come on really they have animals in movies that talk all the time .
I belive that if kids don't no that animals cant really talk we might have problems .
Do you find the show @PERSON3 the @CAPS9 offensive ?
Well it has been banned because @CAPS10 is racit against @CAPS11 .
I would like to no how some of these people come up with this at .
Whoever picks up this offensive matrial has a choice wheater or not they read it .
It should be on the shelf even if it is offensive .
I belive that it is totally up to you , if you read it .
Just like if you go to a mvie store they have the movies rated .
You dont want to watch rated @CAPS12 movies then dont rent it .
They could use the same method with books .
Do you still think offensive books should be pulled from shelfs ?
If you say yes , I would like to no why .
It is your choice to read it .
There are already all these other banned books out there why ban any more .
Just because books have vulgar lanuage , blood and gour , and sexual things , doesn't mean they should be pulled from shelfs .