I think censorship in libraries is wrong .
Books , movies , and magazines are ment to inlighten , inform , and entertain the reads .
If you find something offensive in the book , movie , or even the magazine doesn't mean the next person will .
If you don't want your child reading or watching those things , then limit what they watch or read , don't make the people who don't have a problem with what their reading or watching suffur .
They have the same right to have those books , movies , and magazines on the shelves as you do !
There has been times when I 've wanted a book , but the libaray won't get it because of the adult content in the book .
Yet I was raised reading those book , so to me it wasn't adult content .
The same goes with the movies , I was allowed to watch rated @CAPS1 movies when I was eight years old .
Yet movies have ratings that tell you if it's of for a child or adult , like @NUM1 to rated @CAPS1 .
The libaray has the same works , a child can not rent a movie rated @CAPS1 without a parent present to get it for them , same goes for a movie theater .
Parent who are worried about their childrens well being , shouldn't make libraries take books , movies , and magazines off the shelves , because of things they find offensive .
Other people who pay taxes for those books , movies , and magazines would like to read them as much as the next one , like some libraries bann 'The @CAPS4 of @PERSON1 ' , because of the way the story is written .
Someone found it offensive and gathered a lot of other people , whom didn't read the book but took the word from the person who did , and banned the book .
If they had read the book they 'd would have understood , it wasn't ment to be offensive , but a fictional story of @CAPS4 .
I remember living in a town , with a lot of christin people , so the libraries only had christin books .
When I went to the libraren and asked for a series of books , and was always turned down , because of the christin population .
I told them ' I have as much rights too have those books on the shelve , as they have to have their books on the shelves . '
I never got those books , but maybe someday they will look back on those requests and think of way they should have gotten them .
The reason I think censorship is wrong , is because no one should be able to tell people what they should read or watch .
When they pay the same taxes everyone does to have those books and movies on the libraries shelves .
If you have a problem with what your child watches and reads , than limit what your child reads and watches .
Don't take away other people rights to read and watch what they want .