I believe that censorship is a very debatable subject for many.But I think that I have a pretty good outlook , and a pretty good view on this .
In this essay I 'm going to give you my reasoning , and explain , and give some reasons why I think censorship is a good thing , and should maybe be inforced heavier .
Censorship .
Should books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
be taken off the shelf ..
I believe that it is @LOCATION1 , and everyone should have their right to read what they want to , and what they don't .
I believe , that if someone want's to read something vulgur , then let them .
If they are an adult , it's their choice .
I think as far as the child part of it , that no , children should not be aloud to read things that @MONTH1 be vulgar , sexual , etc .
In keeping children away from these vulgar things , they should have , or keep seperate sections for kids , and adults .
I dont think that children should be able to have the access , and maybe they won't know about it , or want it .
If their parents think it's okay , and want to let them read it , or watch it , or listen to it , that before they become an adult they will have to get it for them .
I don't believe that children should be candy coated , and blind to the world , I just believe that there is a certain extent to what they need to be limited to .
I obviously think that censorship is a good thing .
I think if there was more of it , I think there would be less crime .
Kids are learning this , they 're watching as young as god knows what , thinking it's okay from the start , and are growing up with that picture , and message , of them thinking it's okay .
No I am not saying that all kids learn everything from t.v. , etc. , and yes some @MONTH1 argue that kids dont copy what's on t.v. at all .
But I think that t.v. , books , and music affect alot of how children view the world .
As much as I love rap music , and movies such as A.T.L , rappers such as @ORGANIZATION1 , even sometimes when I watch , or listen to those things , it kind of makes me feel like being jaded , and kind of makes me feel like I want to have a bad attitude towards the world , it makes me feel like I wan na live that hard life like that .
I think that music , books , what we watch on t.v. , and what we read in the magazines , have a big affect .
Such as if we watch the news and there's something depressing , it kind of makes you in a bad mood , or sad or depressed .
The media , music , t.v. , books , magazines , etc. , affect our mood , our actions , and even sometimes the way we talk , and dress .
I am not saying that dressing that more urban feel is a bad thing , I am just saying when you start doing crime , and drugs because of it , it's a problem .
I believe that children should only be censored and not adults , because at the point when u reach adult-hood , your pretty much set in your way's , and have a pretty good look out on what you should be doing , and how you want thing's done .
Children are still machuring , and are like a sponge .
Censorship , is a very sensitive , and argumentable/debatable issue , but this is just my view , whats yours ?