To whom it @MONTH1 concern ; As a student , I find myself reading frequently : at home , at school , in the library , in the car , basically any place I can get my hands on a novel .
However , the novels that I have read are not always novels I have chosen for my personal gain .
I must admit , I am not an avid reader on my own .
I am the kind of student that enjoys reading a book that interests me .
Many of the books I choose are relatable to reality , which often involves content that @MONTH1 be considered explicit .
I believe books , magazines , movies , music , etc .
should not be taken off shelves .
As @CAPS1 citizens , we have the right to free speech .
This allows us the freedom to speak our mind and express our thoughts without restricting our personalities.This law allows authors and producers the right to base their work on what they want .
Media that @MONTH1 be considered explicit is appealing to a variety of people , and to some it is considered disturbing .
With the freedom we have as @CAPS2 , we have the choice to see said movies , or read said books , but we also have the choice to avoid those situations .
When producers produce movies containing sexual content , language , or violence , they aren't producing the movie , expecting every citizen to see it .
They know some citizens are against that content .
There is no law forcing us to see movies that we do not desire to see .
We have the ability to choose what we want and do not want .
Explicit material is available everywhere you look .
Walking in @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION3 , we see books , music , and magazines lining the walls , most containing explicit material .
Though many novels contain explicit material , there are still numerous amounts that do not .
People complain about explicit content in novels when in actuality , there are many novels without explicit content .
We are trained as humans to look for the bad in situations .
We lead pessimistic lifestyles .
Citizens need to learn to realize not everything is terrible .
Look for the good in situations .
There is an abundance of media that contains no explicit content or sexual material and we are given warnings as to what contains and does not contain this material .
These warnings are required !
Labels such as @CAPS3 or @CAPS4 are set to prove that the following is open for general audiences with and without parental supervision .
Parents have the authority to monitor what their child involves himself or herself in .
They can set rules for their children , saying they @MONTH1 only see @CAPS3 rated movies , or they have to have parental consent to read a magazine or novel .
Parents are guardians for a reason ; they need to monitor their child and care for him or her .
If they do not like the music , novels , movies , etc .
that their child watches , change it !
They have the authority and right to do so .
Instead of taking explicit material off the market to everyone , limit what you , personally , want to be off limits to your family on your own , and talk to them about it !
Katherine Paterson is completely correct when she says , 'If I have the right to remove that book from the shelf .
then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
If we were given the right to remove and books , movies , magazines , etc .
that we do not believe should be on the market , it is likely that we would have no media anymore .
With the billions of citizens we have in @LOCATION1 alone , each individual is bound to find some flaw in a certain book .
With each flaw found , we would want to eliminate that book , movie , or magazine from society , thus leaving us with no variety of material to choose from .
People who feel strongly about eliminating explicit material would act quickly upon this law , rather than people who are against it .
This would create a corrupt society , with a lot of fighting .
We , as humans , enjoy the freedoms we are given and the choices we are allowed to make .
Taking the freedom of what we read or watch away from us would take away or personality and sense of expression .
Books , movies , and magazines are meant to be read based on opinion , and it should remain that way .
Books , movies , and magazines should be allowed to stay on the market even when they include explicit material .
The choice to read or watch this material is up to the person , and should have no influence on other humans opinions .