Do I believe that vertain materials should be removed from the shelves of libraries if found offensive ?
I believe that all types of materials should be placed in libraries to satisfy the different styles of what people like .
Censorship should not play a role because everyone has their own opinions on what is looked at as offensive and what is not .
By giving everyone the freedom to enjoy what they like will make alot of people happier .
The wants and needs of people varie from one extreme to the other .
What one person loves , another @MONTH1 hate .
This should not play a role in whether or not materials should be removed from public places such as a library .
Everyone has the right to express themselves through art in their own way .
Taking away the art that some find offensive would not be fair to those who enjoy it .
By doing this , not all people will be satisfied when not everyone gets what they want .
Censorship should not take part in any library .
Entertainment can not always please everyone .
It will be judged in many ways no matter what anyone has to say , so the problem should just be left alone .
Arguing to take away the material that some like will only cause tension to rise and make matters worse .
It is understandable , for example , that a parent would not want their child to be able to be welcomed into the media world where not everything has postive influences .
That's life though and not everyone has th same outlook on it .
You have to think of others , and respect their view of it all as well .
Opinons will vary with what I have had to say .
I strongly believe that people should be given the right to enjoy the materials they take an interest in .
Censorship definitely has its positives and negatives , but for the most part it is wrong and should not have a role in any library .
Cutting down people's availability to their interests will only lead to frustration .
You can not please everyone , so in that case , censorship will just have to be looked beyond .