Would you ever read a book about the @CAPS1 times if your @CAPS2 ?
Are you going to read about how people of your religion and maybe even your family were tortured ?
Probably not .
If your a colored man/woman , are you going to engage in a book that talks about slavery ?
Not likely .
How about if you are a mother , are you going to want to read a novel or magazine about abortion ?
Are you going to let your child read that book ?
Of course not !
So you are probably wondering why they are even on the shelves , right ?
Its on the shelves for basically one reason , to drownd us in the knowledge it holds .
Whether we are learning about criminals , racism , or wars , there is always going to be one person who is against it all .
When we read , we find books that are to our own enjoyment , we look for books that can spark ideas and images in our heads .
Most of us however , don't quite understand why others refuse to read such a book or even hold in their hands a book that is different from all their beliefs .
Beliefs are important to people no matter their age , gender , sexuality , or their race .
Its just a way of life .
Some stories are there for our entertainment , some catch our emotions , and some our there for our knowledge .
When authors write , they usually think of events that have happend or what they predict could happen in the future .
Authors try to get you to understand the world around you , not by trying to offend you in anyway .
Books tend to affect people in many ways , possitive and yes , sometimes negative .
Its something they can't really control though , so you can't really blame anyone for you being offended .
I don't agree that libraries shouldn't have these books on their shelves , I think they are good for us .
No , i don't mean we should go around eating books .
We should take time to read some of those so called offensive books .
You are probably thinking , there is no way I 'm going to pick up that type of book and sit down and read it .
However , let me tell you that if we read these books , the more people will understand about how terrible times were back then and how some things are still bad .
Take abortion into perspective .
Books about abortion give us an idea about how horrible it is or how it can not only effect the women who go through with it .
It appeals to the emotions of others in a way that makes them think twice about lifes decisions .
Books should be kept on the shelves for our own well-being .
When it comes down to the choice , you will know just what to do .
You know how useful books are in helping us see the differece between right and wrong .
You understand why books are placed on shelves for in the first place , no its not for the money .
I know that you are going to understand what I 'm trying to tell you .
Now head on over to your library and pick up a book about something you would like to no more about .
Who knows , maybe you will get a book that makes you think twice about what information is held in between the bindings