In my opinion , I do not believe that anyone has a choice in what children or any other age group chooses to read .
It is not up to the general public to say what is right or wrong .
When society says that every single child is not allowed to read a certain book , or listen to a certain song just because it is found offensive to some people .
There are laws against restricting what a person can or can not view .
There is a level of media that is not as appropriate as it should be but that does not mean it has to go away completely .
Some of the reasons society can not sensor everything are because of the fact that not everone is offended by everything , it is up to the parent of the child to say what is right or wrong , and lastly individuality is comprimised if the choices we have are limited .
When someone gets offeneded by the media that is out there , that does not neccessarily mean that another person is also offended .
When I do not like a video , or a book , or any other type of content , someone else should not have that content censorded because my opinion is in the way of what they enjoy .
I know that personally I would not want someone to take away my favorite book so my child could not read it .
Content that is out in the public will always be unsafe to read by someone else's views .
Just like I will not believe in what other people believe in , but , I will see that it is valued by others and should not remain a censored topic .
Books that are considered inappropriate , should be decided to has censoreship by the parents of a young child .
Decisions like that should not be left up to a group of people that has opposite views .
Whe children are growing up and are taught the values that know today , it is their parents that teach them and not a society full of people which have different kinds of opinions .
There is a saying by an author and it says 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf ' and all that means if we all would have the power to remove a book or any other content from the shelf that we do not like then their would not be any books left .
I believ in that saying and I also believe that many others will as well .
Individualaity is when one person has differnt traits of feelings than another human being .
We all have choices of the books we read and the musice we listen to and that is why we all have individuality .
When people start to thnk that they are allowed to remove a certain song or book because that is not what they want other people to see , then everyone will do the same and no one would have that song they enjoy or the traits that make them differnt because they are the only one that likes that song .
If there were not any of us left on this earth that has something that they enjoyed and no one else that also enjoyed the same thing , then we would all be pretty boring .
I have learned from experience that being the person that has something different about them is not a bad thing and is actually a good thing in some cases .
Also from experience I have learned that a boom that is no longer on the shelf that someone has removed is not a good feeling .
I would not want the same happen to all of the other books in the world .
It is a very good thing to practice the art of understading , and to have an open mind when it comes to a certain material that another person happens to enjoy .
In the future , when I find a book that @MONTH1 not be a book I would want my children to read , I will just let the topic go and remember that everyone has their own opinions .
So in conclusion I just want to let everyone know that books that are seen as inappropriate or offensive to one person , @MONTH1 be seen as a good thing to another .