If you saw a book on the shelf of your library that took offense to you in some way or another how would you react ?
Would you simply pass the book by and go on searching for another , or would you be so taken by it that you demanded it be removed from the shelves immediately ?
Every school , public library , movie theatre , magazine stand , and any form of media in this world will do or say one thing or another that someone is not going to like .
It could be in a magazine in the do and don'ts section and you get slightly offended because you do something that is on the don't list or something about a specific race .
Everyone , one time in their life , has been accidentally hurt by other peoples words and publishings in the world , but I do not think that is ever going to stop .
All forms of media are for learning and entertainment purposees .
These things out there in the world are not for one specific group of people , they are for everyone .
Every individual person has their own opinion and not everyone else is going to agree with that person .
Just because one person does not agree with which hairstyle is hot right now doesn't mean that they should take it out of their magazines for all of their viewers .
To me , that is just ridicolous .
So , say you stumbled across a book about the @ORGANIZATION1 in the library and you are a person from negro descent .
Would you get offended ?
Or , say you were watching a show that was talking about slavery a hundred years ago , would that anger you ?
If I were a person of negro descent it wouldn't make me mad at all , because it is just history , history that happened a long time ago that does not pertain to me .
We could not toss those books out anyways because without those history books at school we couldn't learn about our history .
History is important to everyone and if we didn't learn about it and they did toss those books out how would we prevent history from repeating itself ?
When I was a young child my father used to hit my mother , so my mother takes offense to anything in the media that has to deal with abuse .
I tried to have my mother watch a movie with me called ' @CAPS1 ' .
The movie is about a girl who is abused by her mother and has her father's babies and she finally gets out of it and betters her and her childrens lives .
My mom said that she couldn't watch it with me because , 'it hit too close to home . '
Everyone is going to become offended in their life by the media .
The media does not look at you as a whole , just as a population of people .
When one person doesn't like something it doesn't mean it should be taken out or erased from history , it should just be rewritten or refilmed .
You can not control what everyone else says or does in books or movies , you have to just be in control of how you look upon it as .
That is what I choose to do and I would say it is working out great .