Well today i am going to talk to you about censorship in books , Music , Movies , an Magazines in your libraries , because some of them can be pretty grafic on some of the things they talk about or do in a story .
But yes some of them can be more grafic than others , but that doesnt mean you have to take them off the self .
Ya not everyone is into a sexual book but there are some people out there that like to read about that stuff .
But some people like to read about murders an gangs selling drugs and thats fine .
Its like this everyone has their own taste on what they like .
it can be a novel , @ORGANIZATION1 .
Sports , @CAPS1 , just a true story that has happen to someone , an etc .
thats just the part of the world .
how would it be if everyone liked the same things .
pretty boring right yeah deffentally .
So therefore i dont think books should be takin off the shelfs .
it could be the next best story for somebody .
you never know .
Now with music yes your so called rap today is music that your kids should not listen to .
All they talks about is sex , drugs , achole , an etc .
But that desnt give you the right to take them off the shelf thats what some people like to listen too .
but there is some music out there that dont just talk about that .
there is the oldies , country , jazz , hip hop , an etc .
but for the most part all music is good its just some of them are better than others , lets take country for instents ya it talks about some sex , an some achole but thats not the whole song they manly talk about country boys an the things they do or have happened to them over time , an they are pretty much right .
So all music is good , but without music i dont think the world would be a very nice place .
people listen to music all the time .
when working out , at work , driving , or just siting at home .
So there are some good music an bad muic you make the call .
But with movies there are some movies made just for that reason its all call intertainment for adults .
which yes is kinda pointless , but its there an prolly wont ever leave .
there are movies made for sex , drugs , an achole .
thats just the part of life , everything is not perfect .
So in that matter you gota tell your children about this stuff in stop them from watching it at a younge age .
because i think it is taking a big role in teen pregnecy , beacuse it they see it an hey it looks fun we shoud try it , and sexual content is so easy to get .
its all over the web an etc .
its like drugs they are so easy to get .
there are meth labs all over for meth .
an there is weed all arund .
you just gota tell your kids what they can watch an cant .
Disney , @ORGANIZATION2 , an @CAPS2 .
are all great shows for kids .
so parents be the boss about that stuff .
Now we get to Magazines .
there are millions of magazines all aound the world , they are one thing that will never leave this world .
they carry news , intertainment , comics , or tips on how to do somethng .
thats what is going to be in this world till the world ends .
But yes take with caution there are some magazines out there that your children should never look at till adults .
but that doesent make them bad people injoy looking at them kinda magazines thats just what people like .
its not like your going to stop your son from looking at a @CAPS3 .
or your daughter from looking at porn .
its all apart of life .
but you can stop it from happening at a younge age .
you just gota get it clear to your child to not look at this stuff till your older .
but you cant stop everything .
But all i am trying to say is yes there is some bad things out there an their is alot of good things to .
but that doesnt give you the right to remove them