Do I think offensive reading materials should be taken off the shelves in libraries ?
No , books should not be taken out of libraries .
If students go to school and they are in high school they pretty much already know what is going on around the world .
Teens do talk about their lives so pretty much @CAPS1 .
High and @CAPS2 students are going to hear .
If the parents are sending their child to school and they don't want them to hear about it then don't send them to school !
In school they will hear verbal arguments and see fights .
If the parents don't want them to hear about it from other kids than they tell them , they explain it to them .
One way or another they will find out .
It can come from the parents , their friends , teachers anybody .
Teens do not care if your child is watching when they are fighting ; they are not worried about that at that time .
The saying 'one person ruins it all for everybody , ' well thats because some teens need to grow up and act their age .
If you can't act your age than you shouldn't be in the grade you are in .
Kids and teens need to grow up if they can't read a book without being inmature about it than don't read it .
If their parents let them watch movies that they think they are old enough to watch than don't take advantage of that .
Taking books out of the libraries will not change anything .
Kids will still fight and rough house .
Yeah some books are a little outragous , but not all books .
To be honest libraries should have sections of books depending on the age or grade they are in .
High schoolers should be able to control reading about sex , drugs , or drinking .
If they are not responsible to read that than they shouldn't get that book anyway .
Songs made today can get a little out of hand .
If your child listens to that kind of music with all the bad words , talking about sex , drugs , alchol .
Than parents all you got to do is take those songs away .
Teens that are mature shouldn't get punished just because inmature can't watch a movie , listen to sond , read a book or a magazine .
It's not fair to those people .
People that act their age should be able to read , watch the movie , or anything just because they can handle the situation better .
So don't punish everybody just because of some inmature kids that ruin it for everybody