According to Katherine Paterson , who wrote an article about censorship in the library .
Should we beable to have the right to take a book , magazine , movie etc .
off the shelf freely ?
Whether if we 're offend by it or not .
I believe we should not have that right to pull thing off of shelves freely .
If we had that right it would cause problems from many stand points if you think about it .
One problem it could cause is people thoughts towards a book , movie , cd and so forth .
If one person looks at and is like ' I don't like this and this about it . '
and then just pulls it of the shelf , then thats one less things for somebody who does like it .
Now since that person doesn't like what the material offers to the public , doesn't mean somebody else dosen't .
Nobody in this entire world is exactly the same .
Every body in this world has their likes and dislikes .
If they had the freedom to take things , then there would be nothing for anybody to read , listen too , watch , eat etc .
You also have to think how would that affect the business of stores , libraries , and other businesses .
If everybody is pulling everything off shelves , what would there be to sell or read .
If a business is not making any money , then they 're going to have to be closed down .
Ecspecially in today economy no business wants to run low on money .
In Katherine's article at the end she said 'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
That is basicly reiterating what I said earlier about peoples likes and dislikes about everything .
If you don't want your kids or anybody else kids looking at something you believe is offensive .
You should take it up with one of the workers so they can move it to a different section .
Like a section for older kids and people .
Mainly it falls on parents on what content you want your kids looking at .
You 're the ones to raise them the way you want to raise .
If you think they are to young for something then thats when you tell them no or whatever .
We should not have the right to take anything off of a shelf .
Books , movies , music and etc .
are for entertainment .
If it doesn't entertain you does not mean it does not for anybody else