' @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 ' @CAPS1 people have @CAPS1 types of genres of books , music , movies , etc.
, that they like as well as @CAPS1 they don't like .
Meaning that its up to you what you like and you are @ORGANIZATION1 forces to read or listen to anything you don't want to .
Books , music , and other entertaining things are here as an @ORGANIZATION1 so if you dont like it then you don't have to deal with it .
I feel that it is @ORGANIZATION1 neccessary that books should be removed from the shelves just because someone has gotten offended @ORGANIZATION1 it .
You were @ORGANIZATION1 told that it is a must to read that book and it wasn't the company nor the author's fault that you rented the book and you felt insulted .
Most likely there were @ORGANIZATION1 directing the story towards you so why get all worked up over something that has happen to you and take it out on the media ?
You chose it @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 .
Why make the company lose investment over something that could be easily taken care of @ORGANIZATION1 simply taking it back where you got it from ?
I have read @CAPS1 books , listened to @CAPS1 songs , and seen lots of movies that weren't in my best interest but I didn't make them stop saling them because i 'm pretty sure someone out there likes it .
Why stop someone elses enjoyment because of my uninterest ?
It's really @ORGANIZATION1 that neccesary .
And that's the problem in the world today , people take little situations into a big catastraphy for no reason .
If you don't like it then don't get it .
People need to put their feet in the company's shoes and realize that if it was them , they would understand .
Books , magazines , music , movies , etc.
, are made for everyone in the world to make entertainment for those who are interested .
Taking them off the shelves would be more than unnessecary just because some person doesn't like it .
People have different opinions about life and that's what makes every indiviual different from one another .
So why ruin other people's fun just to get what you want ?
As I stated before for it is @ORGANIZATION1 neccessary to remove an item from the shelves because someone has taken offense to something .
It's @ORGANIZATION1 the company's fault so just simply don't buy it or take it back .
Things would be so much better .
Get the items that best fits you and leave the others that don't on the shelves .