Should offensive or graphic books be removed from the libary ?
Well , in my point of view I think books , music , movies , magazines , etc .. are amazing , exciting and fun to read or watch they should not be removed from the shelves in the local libary .
For a fact people in general have many types of tastes in books thier's drama , romance , action and many other that also apply to movies , magazines and etc .
The public should not be punished for one's intreast in themes , and how they take the book .
Thier should be an age limit in witch kids can't read certain books and those of age should read whatever they please .
I , myself like to read scary books , they give me chills and all types of questions runing through my brain .
Someone else from my community could have the same trait of thought I have when reading a scary book .
Without books that don't fit are personality thier would be less people in libaries reading and more people trying to keep themseleves occupied and half of them might even get bored and start commiting crimes , to keep there self occupied .
People in the community have rights to read , hear or watch witch ever type of material they like .
If people really do have a hard time with some of the material that is on display , they should not even pick it up to begin with .
They should look for stuff they would enjoy , not just because the book is about 'violence ' or just simply don't like the theme they , should not hold it against other people that might enjoy it .
Books and other material were meant for us to enjoy them and from the authors or directores choice to share with us thier stories .
Without books like those many people can't get ideas to help them creat thier own book or novel .
So that is my view on the situation , people should enjoy whatever material they like .
But , if you are one of those people that think books , movies , magazienes should be removed , take a day and read a book or see a movie from your local libary and see how it will change your mind