There are many types of reading materials for people to read in a library .
You can find things on cars , trucks , sports , and made up stories for fun .
There are some materials in a library though that could be offensive .
But should those materials be removed from the library ?
Some think that they should and others think that they shouldn't be .
In my opinion I don't think that things should be removed from a library .
Certain people @MONTH1 find things offensive and others @MONTH1 think it is perfectly fine to have in a library .
I think there should be certain areas and age limits for certain materials a person could find in library .
I think that there should be age limits for certain types of reading material .
People don't want a little child to read something that is meant to be for an adult .
That would teach kids bad things that they don't need to be reading about .
I think that there should be an area set for kids that are in elementary to high school and there should be a section that is for adults .
That way kids aren't reading things that are meant for adults .
I also think that are there should be more signs that show more about what some books are about .
Like if there are books on slavery they should have an area for books that are about that that way people who are offended be it know to stay away from it .
The same with magazines .
i don't think they should be removed from a library if they are found offensive to some people because other people @MONTH1 enjoy reading them .
Some reading material @MONTH1 be found offensive to certain people but to othersit @MONTH1 not be .
I think things shouldn't be removed from libraries .
There are some things that people @MONTH1 need have in a library if they are doing a project that way they have the resources to do it .
I do think that certain movies and music should be removed from shelves if little kids are aloud in the store .
kids don't nedd to be watching adult movies while they are in elementary school .
That just isn't right .
Espaecially if the movie is promoting sex , violence , and other things that young kids should not be doing .
So in my opinion there are some things that should and should not be removed from a library .
Music and movies that promote things that young children should not be doing .
Magazines and other things should be kept away to where only adults could get to them