Censorship .
Sometimes it's needed , sometimes it's not .
Children of today are exposed to many adult things , whether it is watching tv or a movie , or just witnessing things at home .
I believe censorship is neccesary for young children , they shouldn't be exposed to bad launguage , or graphic scenes , or something that is strictly for adults .
They will experience these things one day , and they need to be mature enough to understand them .
Teenagers on the other hand is a whole different story .
They want to hear the bad language and see graphic , gory scenes .
It's all about action to the boys , drama for the girls , and everyone wants to hear those juicy details .
Censorship won't stop them from moving on to the next movie or book on the shelf that has all these things in them .
Even though all teens act like it's not important and that their old enough to see all this , somethimes their probably not .
If you think that telling your teenage daughter or son that their not allowed to watch a movie or read a book because of something it says , they 'll probably just go log onto the internet and see it anyway .
Nothing is censored on the internet , so if your all about censorship , don't go onto to the internet.Adults do not need censorship .
There adults , they can make their own decisions and they know what they want to watch or read.Removing things from the shelves of libraries is sometimes needed .
There should be sections , children , teens , and adults .
There are ratings on movies , and books are written for a certain age limit so everything should be placed accordingly .
Censorship is needed , but your parents or guardian are the ones who will most likely tell you whether or not your going to be able to read a book or a watch a movie .
Some people find things more offensive than others .
So censorship is really in the eye of the beholder .
Personally I believe in censorship , but to others , its a waste of time .
I wouldn't want my child watching a movie where someone gets brudally murdered and where there cussing every other word .
Music can come uncensored and censored , it just depends what you want to hear .
Censorship is either loved or hated , its all one big opinion .