Each book in a library bears its own relation to each person that enters that library .
Whether the books relate well or poorly to each person is not something for a mass of people to decide .
Every person has a different outlook on what makes a story interesting .
There will not ever be a book that every human being agrees to be both appropriate and vivacious .
Designed with distinctly different minds , people want to read distinctly different books , written by distinctly different authors .
People should maintain a right to choose which books he or she @MONTH1 want to read .
Never , will one book bind the world .
Minds of human beings are too complexly separated .
For example ; reading ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' by @PERSON2 in my @CAPS3 class last year was more than appropriate , though rather boring for the majority of the class .
Books of racism , religion , and sexual content intrigue a person's mind , or otherwise disgust one's .
Finding satisfactory books for everyone in a community to agree simply will not ever be done .
There will always be that one person who declines to agree .
It is a choice .
It is a choice for each person to read what he or she wants to read .
If you force something upon a society of readers , then what will they have left for their own minds ' freedom ?
Face it , forcing an atheist to read an emotionally comprehensive novel of the @CAPS4 faith will not be stood for by the reader .
Cursing , to some people , brings a book to a realistic point .
To others , however , it draws them further and further away from the story .
A choice should remain a person's right ; especially to read a book written to be read .
Finding an appropriate book is not the problem .
That has yet to become the problem .
The only problem is finding appropriate books that are both compelling and enthralling .
I find ' @CAPS5 in the @CAPS6 ' to be dangerously inappropriate .
However , it captivates my mind beyond other dimensions .
Others that I know choose not to read it because of the offensive content .
Do I find it offensive to some ?
No , but I understand where others could find it offensive .
There is no way to approve a book to not be offensive , because it is not offensive to every person who reads it .
To reiterate , the mind of human is a unique one , that identifies with no other .
To sum up the full idea of this position ; every person should be given the choice to read what he or she desires .
Give each person the choice , and the rebellion will settle down .
Removing a book from a shelf just puts the craving in the hearts of certain people to read it ; sometimes completely rebelliously .
Katherine Paterson is extremely correct by saying that taking a book from a shelf everytime someone wants one banned will not leave books for anyone .
As a person , I am well associated with my mind , and it desires the freedom of choice .
Every human mind desires the freedom to choose .
Give people the choice .
Remove no books from a shelf , and let the outcome draw in whoever is interested in whatever they @MONTH1 be interested in .
Let readers have their freedom .