In our society today there is always going to be something that someone disagrees with or dislikes .
Items should not be removed from the shelves just because someone takes offense to it .
Everyone has a book or movie out there that they disagree with , but if it is removed just for that reason then there would be a very limited selection left .
Students would take advantage of this and they would have educational books removed .
Removing items from shelves removes history .
Our history books tell us stories of slavery and descrimination .
If someone takes offense to this and has it removed then we are losing a part of our history that needs to be heard and taught so that it does not occur again .
Items in the library are items that you can choose to check out or choose to not check out .
If you take offense to an item in the library then you do not have to read it .
Something that you @MONTH1 take as offensive @MONTH1 be something that inspires and encourages someone else .
Wether you like an item or dislike it is a matter of your own personal opinion and decisions should not be made based on someones opinion alone .
Think about it .
If you have a favorite book , movie , or song then would you want it to be gotten rid of based on someones opinion ?
You have the right to be able to read , watch , or listen to whatever you want .
It should not be limited based on someone elses opinion .
It would cause much argument among people .
Some have different opinions then others on a certain item in the library which will lead to argument and possible violence .
There are so many wonderful and inspiring books and movies out there and there is always going to be someone who does not like at least one of them .
If items are removed based on someones opinion then there will be a very limited selection left .
People read for enjoyment and knowledge .
They deserve to have a wide selction to choose from .
In our society today there is always going to be something that someone disagrees with or dislikes .
Our opinions should not be based on a person's dislike of something .
If they take offense to it then they have the right to ignore it .
There are so many books and movies out there that teach us of life before our generation .
We need these books and movies so that there are not repeat events of all of the rough times our ancestors had to go through .
We need these books for future generations so that we are able to teach and guide them .
Items should not be removed from the shelves based on the fact that someone takes offense to it .