Censorhship should play a major part in which books should enter and leave the library .
Thats why I think that if a book , movie , magazine , or cd should deffinitly should be removed from the shelf if it is found offensive to atleast ten children .
Now it would be asking too much to have the libraian read through all the books to make sure there is no bad language or anything else that a parent might not want their child to read about .
So therefore a library should have a certain section that if a libraian thinks that there might be some bad language or refrence to drugs or alcohol then that book should go into that part of the library .
I have found some books that have some pretty graphic material in them that I dont think a little kid should be reading but there was nothing I could do about it except take it up to the libraian .
Movies would be a major thing that they would have to watch out for .
Just because the movie has a title that dont seem that bad dont mean that there wont be any grapic images in that movie , or that there wont be any inappropriate language used at one point in the movie .
Now since movies are alot easier to review and since they also have a rating then that should make it easier to tell if that movie should go on the shelves of a library or not .
But there should deffinitly be a part in the library that if they did want to allow certain movies in there that would be inappropriate for little children then those movies should be put in that part of the library that has a door on it so the kids would know not to go in that room .
Music would be another thing you would deffinitly have to watch out for because with each song could change how the languge is in that cd .
So I think that the librarian should have to sit down and persoanlly listen to that cd before they decide to put it out on the shelves for others to be able to listen to .
But personally i think that there should be no music allowed in libraries just because with every new cd album that an artist makes he could easily change how his wording is in the songs .
So you just never know what the artist of the song is going to do with his music .
One album can be perfectly fine and not have one cuss word on it , but then the next album that he or she makes could just be loaded with cuss words .
Another possible way to prevent little kids from hearing or reading about inappropriate stuff is to have some of the books , magazines , cd's , or movies catagorized by age .
As a child gets older he will be tought more about certain things .
Then once he picks up that book and sees that its mentioned in the book it wont be that big of a shock to him or his parents .
With the way things are today its almost impossible for a kid to pick something up and not read about drugs or violence .
So if you were to go through and take everything off the shelf that mentioned drugs or violence then there would be nothing left on the shelfs for kids to listen to or read .
Your not going to be able to catch every single movie , book , magazine , or cd that has something to do with violence or alcohol use .
But you can take some of the stuff that has alot of that kind of stuff in it off the shelf .
By just taking some of the materials off the shelf that contain stuff that @MONTH1 seem inappropriate for children will deffinitly make a big difference and it could possibly protect your child from reading across it someday when he or she reads a book and sees that or listens to a cd and hears the artist metion something about that .
Game designers are now starting to make all their games around violene .
So if you were to take all the games that have violence in them and take them off the shelf there would be no games left for kids to play .
So there are just some things that contain violence that you just cant keep your child from seeing at one point in time .
All the games have a rating on them so you should have an adult check that game rating before you let your child get that game .
By doing that you will be able to somewhat controll what your child will see and it will also make it better because then you are not taking games that other kids might like off the shelf and making them no longer available .
So I have pretty much covered about how who ever is in charge of the games , books , movies and cds should look them over and possibly listen or look at them just to see what they are like before they put them out on the shelf .
You dont have to censor everything but there are deffinitly some things out there that should not be put out on the shelfs for little kids to look at or listen to .
And if a little kid wants to get a game a parent should have to look at the game and the rating of the game to determine if that child is mature enough to handle what goes on in that game .
But overall I personally dont think that they should just go through and ban everything from going on the shelfs it should be up to the child to determine if they can handle what that movie or book contains