Many people have many different thoughts and beliefs .
Some people @MONTH1 believe that a movie or song needs to be removed , but others @MONTH1 disagree , and nobody wants the things they enjoy to be taken away .
If there was a book on a shelf in a bookstore that you didn't agree with and thought should be removed , and you removed it , then you are taking away from someone who @MONTH1 enjoy that book .
If everyone removed things from life that they didn't enjoy , then there would be very little to enjoy .
For example , I personally love horror movies .
I love the thrill you get from a horror movie and how they can make you jump even though it's just a movie screen .
I 'm sure there are people in this world who think horror movies are wrong .
If those people were allowed to just remove them forever , I , and many other people , would be sadly dissapointed .
I also love video games .
Video games are a huge part of my life , and I know for a fact that there are people who highly disagree with some of the content of them .
If people could take video games away because they didn't agree with them , i would be crushed .
I am also aware that people @MONTH1 just be worried about their children watching movies , listening to songs , or reading books that are not appropriate for them .
I understand that the parents want their children to be supervised , but removing the books , movies and songs is not exactly the answer .
Movies and books can easily be censored .
Many movies and songs have language filters and some movie programs now have parental options that allow the parents to decide what movies they want to allow their children to watch .
Parents can also supervise their children when they download music onto an ipod or phone , and depending on where they are bought , books and magazine's @MONTH1 require parental consent .
Video games also require parental consent depending on the rating of the game .
We can't just go around removing everything we dont like , because it is not fair to those who @MONTH1 like it .
We live in a world with many different ideas , thoughts and beliefs , and we all need equal right to share them