Today in society there are many things people have different views on .
They can be religion , race , or brought up in a different way .
Today in libraries there are many books of all types .
They can relate to all different kinds of people .
If one book is discriminating against another indivual is this right ?
I think the libraries need to stay the way they are and leave things the way they have had them for different reasons .
First off , no one is the same , what might be bad to someone else can be good to another person .
If someone simply doesn't like the context of a book , movie , or even music ect .
They don't have to read , watch , or listen to it .
Since no one is the same what someone might not find appealing can be amazing thing to another person .
Second , this can be there for purpose .
The @LOCATION2 wasn't always a equal place .
If there are books that talk about the discrimination on other races I think it's simply showing history .
If we didn't have history to look back on we wouldn't be able to see how @LOCATION1 has progressed .
From slave states to all free states .
I think it is important for material such as that to be left so it can looked on upon .
Third reason , is a library is suppose to consist of these different things such as books , movies , music ect .
If we were to take everything out the libraries that comes off offensive it wouldn't be a place were you could find things that you wanted .
It would probably be a boring place .
If theres no variety in a library I don't see how it can be called a library .
You can find whatever your looking for in a library whether its on how to do hair to the hitsory of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 .
In conslusion , these reason make up why libraries should stay the way they are .
One is because what might be offensive to a ivdivual might be different to someone else .
Second , it would take a lot away from history .
Thrid , it wouldn't make a library what it is today .
These are ligetament resaons why it should be left alone