In our public libraries we can find books that are related to slavery , drugs , gangs , prostitution and violence .
Theses books all have history in them of our past .
We can not , as a society , forget our past because as many historains say , history repeats its self .
If we start censoring our libraries then all that history will be forgoten , and/or lost .
Libraries can help us in many different ways .
They help us with school projects , bussiness projects , and libraries better our knoweldge as a person .
You can not go censoring the libraries just because someone finds a book offesive .
The stories of slavory are still taken offensively amoug people @DATE1 , but if we start taking stories about people who have been enslaved and hide them from the poeple , we will slip back into that terrible past .
There are gang stories of terrifying people , such as @CAPS1 @CAPS2 .
He killed many people , destroyed many shops and probably even sold a lot of drugs .
We need history to show our weakness as a nation and not hide because of this weakness but thrive on it to better our cities , better our police training , and most importantly , better the next generation of kids to be raised better .
There is more than just books at the public library , there are movies and documentaries of our nation and the @CAPS3 .
Movies that talk about @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @NUM1 and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @NUM2 .
These types of movies can show how horrifying @CAPS4 really is and how cruel people can get .
During @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @NUM2 , there was the @CAPS9 where six million jews lost their lives because one person , @PERSON2 , did not like them .
People made movies like those to show the @CAPS3 how devestating man can be but people have made movies on amazing discoveries and amazing places .
For example @PERSON1 .
One of the greatest findings amoug the @CAPS3 .
Music can also be a good way to better ones self .
If you play an instrument and you need music to play to , why not go to the library to get some ?
You dont have to worry about payin for a @MONEY1 cd and you can use it until your done with it then return .
Then with how advanced our technokwledge is , people can get cd's to burn on to a computer and put on their ipod or @NUM4 player .
Plus the library is a good place to just go look for music you like .
So , should there be censorship in our libraries ?
NO !
There should not and the key reason as to why is because it is history .
History of our country , history of our @CAPS3 , and history of sad and hard times .
Instead of censoring our youth of @DATE1 from history we need to set age limits .
Young people of a certain age can not read certain books unless they are with a parent or gaurdian .
That is one simple way to keep our kids from readin to mature thing but still able to get the history he/she needs because as historains always say , history repeats its self and as a growing nation , we need to better ourselves in every way possible .
The answer to that is through our history .