Hi im henry and I agree that if there are books in a school libray or a public libray that are offensive they should be removed .
im a type of person who belives that offensive books shouldnt be in librays because i ahte seeing people upset or mad because they read a book that effened them .
That inclues magazines and movies and even music .
myself henry has read a few books that has effened my self or has made fun of black people and i have black friends .
if I could have it my way i would have all books like that out of school librays and public librays .
And i say that because little kids dont need to be reading that kind of stuff and neither do we .
thats just like music now days you turn on a radio station and people are cussing and making fun of other colored people .
Also you cant understand what there saying half the time .
They need to put on music that u can understand that doesnt have cussing in it and that you can understand because some kids like to listen to music .
magazines , I look at alot of magazines my self but there all like coonhunting magazines or four-wheeler ones lookin for tires or somthing like that .
but yes also the bad magazines need t go to that way little kids arent looking at them .
also it mite help some crime to stop to .
I say that because people look at magazines that have shooting in then and that have crime in them to .
So people see that and there like i wan na try this somtime .
so then they call there buddies and say lets try this and most of them do then there in trouble .
so i think that it would be helpful to get all the bad magazines that were made and throw them away and things mite change .
make some that have like cartoons in them and comics for the little kids .
you could even try and make some good health ones that advertise good health for people and teens .
To me things would possibly change if we get all the naughty things out of book , magazines , music .
Movies , this is a big one just about all the movies are bad .
There are some good ones out there if u look .
but i dont know how we could change the movies by anycahnce at all .
That was my opion on things .
i hope it all makes sense about how i feel and how i think about things .