Censorship is a growing problem is today's world of literature .
Censoring does not always allow the author to thoroughly convey his or her ideas as they were originally intended to .
Katherine Paterson says that if were all aloud to eliminate things that we thought were wrong , then there would be nothing left to be right about .
Censoring leads to an ignorant , opinionless , and clueless society .
In the novel ' @CAPS1 @NUM1 ' censorship is one of the main themes of the story .
Bradbury portrays the burning of books as the way of ending all controversial opinions .
@PERSON3 finds that the burning of books has lead the society that he lives in to be ignorant of what is going on around them .
The government has tried to rule out all causes of controversial opinions in hope that it would make for a happier society .
When in reality , members of the world are not happy and are consistently showing the reader that they do not know how to be happy .
@PERSON3 decides that he wants to learn , but he does not know how .
The brain is a muscle , if it is not excercised correctly , it becomes weak and useless .
So when he tries to memorize a part of the @CAPS2 , he can not retain what he has been reading .
Such as trying to fill a sieve full of sand , he does not know how to learn .
The members of this novels society are basically opinionless on what is happening in their world .
What they are told on the television is thought of to be factual , and that is what they do all day .
In school , kids are being fed fact after fact and are expected to agree with what they are being told with no questioning involved .
In a normal society , learning leads to questioning .
But for them there is no learning , just accepting .
And acceptance leads to contentness , which in the end leads to unhappiness .
The society in ' @CAPS1 @NUM1 ' proves to be oblivious to everything that is going on in many different ways .
To them , death is not a big deal .
@PERSON2 was killed by a speeding car , and @PERSON4 , @CAPS4 wife , was not even shocked to hear it .
Another example is when @PERSON3 was running from the police , and a car full of rambunxious teenagers attempted to run him over just because they wanted to .
At the end of the novel , @PERSON3 is walking along the railroad tracks with his new friends and the entire city is blown to dust by bombs dropped by fighter planes .
The city had no idea that this was going to happen , they were clueless to the war that was going on around them everyday !
A clueless society is a useless society , and in the end they were destroyed .
Censorship lies within the hands of the viewer .
Censorship has become such a big problem in the world when there are so many other things people should worry about .
Reading about somebody doing drugs will not make a child want to do drugs , it crosses every teenagers mind atleast once .
But instead of not allowing them to even realize that it is out there , parents should do what they signed up to do , teach your kids right from wrong and hope that you did it well .