Do i think that if books , movies , music , magazines , etc should be removed from the shelves just becuase they are offensive ?
No , i don't think that the stuff should be removed from the shelves just becuase someone thinks or takes it to be offensive .
Let's say this ok if we had everybody go and say that this book is offensive , or I don't think this movie should be on this shelve because i think it's offensive or this or that then we wouldn't have anything to wacht , lissin to , or even read .
I under stand that yes people do have rights and there believes on something but it doesn't mean that they have any say so on what should stay or what should go .
If we let people do this than nobody would be abel to wacht , read , play , or even lissin to for fun .
Us people used these thing for haveing something to keep us intertaned .
Let's say this ok we all know how littel children have thier emanginashon and they used that to keep them intertaned just like us older people used books , music , movies , and ect to keep us intertand .
Well if we don't have this stuff than we would be lost and won't know what to do with out that stuff .
Just's think of our littel kids if we take there emanginashon away than they would be lost and hoples because that's how they learn and grow up .
We people used this every day use to not onley keep us intertaned but to also help us learn more about what every we need to learn about to survive in every day life .
See in ways we are not so diffrent from our chiledren at all realy .
they used what every they find or see to keep them intertaned and for enjoiment .
If people realy thought about what they are realy going to do by removing something from the shelves than they would regreat that what they did was stupied because now they don't have anything to read , lissin to , or even wacht .
I my own self had experience on what it's like to have something like that polled down from the shelves befor and it's realy not cool at all fore that to happen .
Takeing something off the shelfs that is alittel bit offensive doesn't meen that it should be tooken off the shelves .
I think that if people who took something off the shelves just becase one person thought that it was offensive if wrong and should not take somthing down that maby other people like .
I mean just look at what the thing is talking about first and see if it's offensive to you or not and maybe it's something that people could learn from .
Taking something down befor even reading it your self is stupied on be hafe of your part becasue maby other people like and maby you like it who knows .
I just think that people should realy think befor they go and take something off the shelves with out haveing alote of people giveing you a bad coment on it befor just taking one persons opean on it .