Offensive or @CAPS1 ?
Who can truely say a book , movie , music , or magazine is truely offensive .
There are some of the obvious movies that completely make fun of or taunt someone's personal views as a religion or lifestyle but is a book about a wizarding world really that offensive ?
While growing up I had a friend who was very religious .
Her parents would never let her read the @ORGANIZATION1 books by @PERSON1 .
At the time I didn't understand why she wasn't able to read such fantastic books .
Now that I 'm older I understand that her parents believe what is in 'The @CAPS2 ' and nothing more .
Make believe and imagination was @CAPS1 a suitable thing fpr their child to read .
For many families , though the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 series is nothing but a different world in which they can set themselves free from the real world .
Should a book that many people love and adore be taken off shelves because some families are offended ?
I personally don't think they should .
While my family loves the books and movies some families don't .
That is their lifestyle and their opinion .
Everyone has an opinion , and if we took out everything in this world that could offend someone we would be left with nothing .
Movies would be boring , stories would @CAPS1 be interesting , and there would be no music .
If our world was based off of the opinions of others and making everyone happy we would @CAPS1 have music .
Music is a way for someone to release their soul .
The different sounds of music are based off generations .
My mother's generation was based on @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ' @CAPS5 and mine is of @CAPS6 , @CAPS7 & @CAPS8 , @CAPS9 .
So what would really happen if all the offensive materials were taken off the shelves of a public library or say a @ORGANIZATION2 .
The shelves would be blank .
Empty shelves would be a horrible look .
Everyone is offended by something .
I 'm offended by the rape scences in movies but some people believe in some situations it makes a movie better .
My friend's family is offended by the make believe world of @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 , and I believe that some where out in our world there is another world , a wizarding world as a matter of fact .
People believe in many different things and like many different things .
I 've never met one person who is exactly like me , because there is @CAPS1 one .
I 'm an individual like everyone else and if the things I liked were taken off a shelf because someone was offended then my life would be boring because I wouldn't have the things I enjoy .
In some cases some offensive things should be taken off shelves but who am I to say it should be , because there is someone out there who believes it should be on the shelves of @LOCATION1