Are books and other things found in libraries offensive to some ?
Why is it offensive and how is it offensive ?
What should be done about the books , movies , magazines , and movies that are offensive to some of the people ?
In my opinion there are some books that I could think of that are offensive to others for particular reasons .
Some reasons @MONTH1 include : the put down on races , comments in the book , how the author wrote it and who it was written towards .
Others find some books , music , magazines , and movies offensive because of the terms people use .
Some people just get offended because they think it's directed toward them , and they take it personal .
Music can be offensive to some people becasue of the language they use in it .
They might look down on it because their children @MONTH1 listen to it , and children nowadays say things they here from music and try to be like the person saying it .
Movies can be offensive because of the language , violence , the way people are treated .
A good movie would be @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 .
It has violence , language , and people are treated in a harmful way .
But overall the movie teaches you about war and the things they 've gone through to get our country to where it is today .
Magazines could be offensive by the words used , such as slang words , cursing words , and violent words .
The magazines could have nude pictures of people and most parents do not want their children getting ahold of things like that .
Overall , I think that any of these things could be offensive to some people , and probably are , but they shouldn't take it off the shelf because it's offensive to some .
If you 'd look at it in a certain way everything in the library could be offensive to someone , and if the case is take everything that's offensive they might have to take everything that's in the library .
So , I do not find it right for them to take away things that are ofensive to some people .
If it offends you then don't read it or listen to it or even look at it , no one is pressuring you to do it , you do it on your own .
So therefore it's not right to take the things off the shelves just because some people do not like it .