Censorship ?
What is it ?
Well from what i know cenorship is where you are blocked from certin things that you are not able to ever bring into the place that blocked it .
So the question is it wrong to censor something or not , i think that libraries should be able to censor certins things that people find offensive .
First reason why i think it is right that people should be able to censor things is becuase little childeren could be able to take at peek at what they shouldn't be looking at , when it comes to magazines and also movies .
Next reason why i think labraries should be able to cenor is because people can find centin things offensive just as music , for example like vulgar language can be listened to and aslo also naughty things can be watched in movies .
My last reasoning why i think it is fair that libraries are able censor things is beacuase some people like to read but in thier reading can be bad things that they find offensive and they can always find a way to take an item out from a labrary .
These are reasons why i think they should be able to censor books , music , movies , and also magazines .
My first reasoning in why i think it is fair that libraries are able to censor books , music , movies , and magazines is because little childeren could be able to look at things things they should not be able to take a peek at .
Thses things could be like pronogaphy , and also really grusome things in magazines and in movies .
If these things were in labraries they can possibly show other childeren , inwhich it would not be good .
This can be a problem beacuase parents can put the blame on the libraries by saying that the workers didn't do a good job at watching out for the children .
Also i think think they should be able to censor movies beacuse little childern shouls not be watching gursome movies at a young age .
This can really hurt them and others if they learn and see what is on this movies and magazines .
Also labraries can censor music .
I also think libraries can censor music beacause in music these days there are very bad things that any body can find that is offensive .
Little childern can be listenig to vulgar lyrics that are in the songs and they could be repeating it to other people .
This can be bad in many ways because first of all they might not know what they are saying , so if one day they say it to an adult , that adult can put the blame on the library owners .
Also they should be able to censor movies again beacuse naughty things can be shown in those movies that certin age levels should not be able to see .
These are ressons why libraries have a right to censor music and movies .
They aslo have right to censor books .
Books in they libraries are great but some books should not be able to be in a library , certin books such as books about faith and other religions .
And also about gursome items .
Some people can find books about religion and faith to be very offensive because some people @MONTH1 not see eye to eye about other religions .
And to minimize this problem libraries can take these books out so peolpe won't find it be offensive .
And also libraries should be censoring certin books about death because it can really get to a person and they can show other people that will find it very offensive .
So this is why i think libraries should be able to censor things .
In conclusion libraries should be able to censor books , music , movies , and magazines , because in some books they can have religion problems and problems with death , movies beacuse in some movies it can show pronography and gursome things that peopel should not be watching , and they should be able to censor magazines and music beacuse in magazines childern could be looking at certin things they shouls not be looking at .
And they should be able to censor music beacuse peopel can be offended if they ever listen to vulgar language .
So in other words i do think libraries should be able to censor books , music , movies , and magazines