Should They or Should They @CAPS1 ?
What do you think ?
Music , books , movies and many others have been questioned either about there apperence or what they say .
Most people bring up the fact that young children should @CAPS1 be hearing this or haveing to read about it at such a young age , but the children have ideas of their own .
In my personal opinion i do @CAPS1 think that they should have to be taken off the shelf or from being sold .
What does everyone else think though ?
Is it a bad idea to keep them up and let the kids learn about it at such a young age or does it help teach them @CAPS1 to be like that ?
One of the main reasons why I think it should be left alone as is so that the children can read it .
They must learn the good from the bad sometime .
Its better that children learn at a young age and just trying to keep things from them will make them want it more .
Lets use music for example , some music is nothing but screaming and cursing .
In real life though alot of kids have to listen to there parents fight and yell .
So , why dont they get the choice to listen to it whenever they want to ?
There are also the bad things to keeping them out on the shelvs .
As a mother and also a teenager I feel like as if I should have the choice to do as I please but at the same time there is no way I would ever let my daughter hear or read some of the things I do .
That get me to my next point .
If you really have a problem with some of the things out there why would you let your childern get it .
As being a teegager I would go out and buy a lot of music I shouldnt be listening to , but even if my daughter was @NUM1 there is no way I would let her get it .
After all I am the parent right ?
I have every say in what my daughter can and can't do .
So do you over your own child .
If other parents have no say in what there child gets just because they don't care , well thats @CAPS1 your problem .
There should , however , be age limits on what some are allowed to get parent permission or @CAPS1 .
Books with sex scenes and murder should @CAPS1 be allowed into they @NUM2 year old books .
Sure , teenagers think they know it all but they still shouldnt be allowed to read something that adults do .
Most @NUM1 year olds don't hear about all the drugs , sex , or teen prganacy .
As much as they should get information on it , have there parents pick out what book they should read to find out about that kind of thing .
I think that in every library that has sexual books and alot of curse words should be put in a specific location that only adults can get to .
Video games have to put an age limit on things so why shouldn't books have to have the same exact thing ?
The only reason they have'nt done anything so far is beacuse @CAPS1 enought parents care.This is your chance to get up and show them that you want to make a change , that you won't let your kids hear about things without your knowing .
This brings me to my conclusion .
Where are the parents out there ?
Why arn't you stepping in and showing people the right way to live ?
Make your nearest library have age limits on what the little young ones can read .
See if the books you are letting your son/daughter check out are age worthy or @CAPS1 .
Last but @CAPS1 least try to talk your libraien into makeing groups of books .
Some for the youngre kids some for the older .
Woulnt kill for you to put your say in and try to get this kind of thing under control and @CAPS1 just removed .
Why remove other people's interests when you can just put an age limit on it and @CAPS1 let your child get a hold of it .
Today is the day !
!
Make a say !