Television , news , drama , life , and controversy .
These are just a few of the things books are written about .
Some subjects are considered to be vulgar and innappropriate for young audiences .
Many people believe that their children have a right to learn about all the things books can offer , but is that really such a good thing ?
Books have been an important tool for students for a long time .
However , not all books should be considered appropriate for all audiences .
Stories about knights and princesses are great for young people , but other stories about the darker sides of life are normally kept away from the hands of children .
Books are censored for all sorts of reasons .
Some of these reasons are frivelous and should not keep a book from reaching it's full potential .
The truth is that there is a line that should not be crossed , and some books cross this line , and are banned .
Great .
However , some books do not 'cross the line ' and are banned regardless .
Honestly , careful consideration must be taken before the decision is made to ban a book or to leave it on shelves .
If a book is written with only minor obscenities by a recognized author , and it is banned , then the author faces no serious pressure as the banning will be well known and consumers will still purchase the book just for a chance to read it .
However , if an author who is relatively unknown writes a well-put-together piece that contains a few spots where the author @MONTH1 have made a somewhat vulgar reference , and the book is banned , the author is in serious trouble .
This author can no longer have the luxury of having their book in libraries so that their work @MONTH1 be recognized .
Banning books is hindering authors everywhere from being able to make a name for themselves .
Books that are especially vulgar should definitely be banned .
No child should be reading a book that has an intended audience of purely adults .
Children should be protected from such material , and book banning provides this service .
If a child has a burning desire to read a book , they can simply ask their parents to buy it for them , assuming the parents agree that filthy books should be okay for children to read .
If a book can provide good discussion in a classroom setting , and is mostly 'clean ' , then it should certainly be available for everyone .
Just because a book contains a few areas where innappropriate references are made doesn't mean that students shouldn't be able to read the book .
If the learning material a book offers 'outweighs ' the negative effects the book @MONTH1 have on a student , then the book should be available for students to read .
However , because one can not effectively compare knowledge and harmful effects , this is a difficult statement to make .
Honestly , it is too difficult to say whether small problems in a book should be considered vulgar enough to ban a book .
Many books should not be as available as others , but using a new system to find which books to limit would be too difficult , and keeping the current one would make more sense than any other alternatives .
In the end , a system that caters to the most sheltering of parents is the best one .