Censorship in Libraries Censorship in libraries is a big problem in today's society , many people get angry at libraries and markets because of the items that they have on display for the common consumer .
If the consumer walks into a library and is looking for a book to read .
What if they come accross a book from the early @DATE1's ?
In these times there were lots of words used that are 'harmful ' to our people today , but what most people dont understand is that , these words that are harmful had different meanings in that time in history .
So when someone picks up a book and finds harmful or un-appropriate words or phrases in them , they instantly get the wrong idea about the book .
And then , this small group of people who dont like this piece of literature , go agains the vast majority of people who really do understand the literature , and the feeling and dialect of the book .
That is where i am going to explain to this small group of people , a few details that they should keep in mind when trying to rip a book off of the shelf and throwing it away .
When someone goes into a store or library and starts to look for a book , they @MONTH1 come accross a piece of literature that they dont completely agree with .
When this person comes across this piece of literature , all they have to do is put it back on the shelf and move on .
Nobody is forcing that person to read this book , so why make a big deal about it ?
Because most people who make a big deal about some of the word usage in a book , dont quite understand the dialect of the book , or the time period the book was written in .
If you do not understand the literature completely , then i ask that these people do not make a big scene out of it , and that they dont try to revoke the author's rights to have that piece of literature on the shelf .
Authors have just as many rights as we do .
If they write literature .
A poem , novel , or even a short story , these authors have the right to have it published and put on the shelf .
So why would we not have the same rights ?
If we dont agree with some of the literature that are being placed in our society's schools , stores , and homes .
Then we can write a novel , newspaper article , or even make a website about your topic .
You can make web polls much more .
This is a more indirect approach to removing a piece of literature .
If you want to have a better chance of this book or novel to be removed from the shelves , you can use a poll or have people vote , to recieve other people's oppinions , and use these in your argument .
If you have more than one oppinion on a subject , you @MONTH1 have a more likely chance of winning your argument .
And this will cause a lot less chaos and attention to be drawn to yourself and others around you .
Another reason why i dont think that people should be able to choose what is on the shelves of libraries everywhere .
I do not think that anybody from anywhere shoudl be able to come into a library and take a piece of literature off of the shelves forever .
Because , in todays society , we have researchers going all of the time , and we have so many people working on different theories and laws .
So if we take one important book off of the shelf , maybe a book written in the @DATE2's about evolution .
And we get rid of all of these books , what will happen when we really need that information ?
These scientists @MONTH1 need that piece of literature to test a theory , and if that piece of literature is expelled from the shelves , then we could miss out on a large variety of major information that could help out someone in the future .
So the more information we take off of the shelves , the less we will have in the future to help us will our problems .
So , now that i have told you all of my opinions on this subject , i hope that you will have a better view on the cencorship of libraries everywhere .
And that maybe someday all books and pieces of literature will be able to remain on the shelves , being endlessly read by consumers