Curse words , alcohol , drugs , pornigraphic pictures .
These are all things you would not like your children to use , see , or do .
They are out in the world and and there is nothing that you can do to stop it .
People do drugs and drink everyday , but just because someone sees you doing it doesnt mean they will too .
People should not be shielded from the real aspects of life .
When shielded as a child they would not know what do to if the chances came to them to do drugs or drink .
They @MONTH1 not even know what the right or wrong thing to do is .
Kids to a certain age deserve to know whats going to happen in the real world when they grow up and start a life .
It won't happen to everyone but they need to know these things .
It is important for parents to let their children know what is right or what is wrong .
As an adolesent , they are very vulnerable to all the bad stuff that life can bring .
Seeing these things in books , movies , magazines and etc .
will effect their life in some way .
It is their job to show them the right path .
A thing that helps these parents are restrictions on the stuff that you are able to get your hands on .
On movies there are age restrictions that inable people at a certian age to be able to watch and people that are within those guidelines to have access .
With other materials like books , music , and magazines , there is no way to deny access to people to see or read them .
Parents just need to be observent to their children and see what they do .
Censorship is normally a bad thing , but in others it could help .
For people that are more vulnerable to those situations or seeing those things , it could greatly help with some people and show them that it is not right .
As much as people should be open and be able have access to this information , it is also important that other people did not see it .
It is still an open debate , but , in opinion , censorship should not be done .
Everyone had their own right to get and see the things they want