In libraries and bookstores worldwide books are written and published with subject matter ranging from odd or inappropriate , to serious or violent .
These books are written to target emotions in the reader that spark excitement and humor , horror and empathy among many others .
However , though these books are made for a specific purpose , it is sometimes unclear as to how the book is appropriate for the eyes of a young reader , or even a mature reader .
These books appear unappealing and offensive .
However , though they don't appeal to you as a reader , how could this book be censored without the unanimous disapproval of everyone ?
Censorship of these books is unjust because of the right of free speech and press , because all subjects are deserving of being written , and most importantly because target audiences deserve books written in their interest regardless of their approval .
The first reason that their should be no censorship of novels and works of literature is because writers deserve the freedoms of speech and press .
They are aloud to voice their own opinions and write about the subject matter that they are most interested in .
Though many times they have used subject matter that is highly provocative or inappropriate , they still have the capacity and the legal ability to write about what they wish .
To stop them from writing their own opinionated stories is similar to the censorship of books in nazi @LOCATION1 .
Millions of books were burned and hundreds , if not thousands of writers were executed for conveying opinions in their work that conflicted with the ideas of their government .
Even though there are books not written for all ages they are still deserving of a reader .
The next reason that books should not have censorship is because new ideas cover topics that have never been discussed .
Books and stories are meant to push the mark of what has been written and what can be written .
The variety of literature is the reason why it is so popular .
For thousands of years , written text has been a way to understand and connect with cultures and people through written language .
And though stories @MONTH1 not be written in a manner that would be appropriate for a child , it doesn't mean that the story shouldn't be written or read .
Its use should simply be monitored so that only those capable of accepting or understanding its message are capable of reading it .
Lastly , censorship is simply unjust because without it there is a better chance to discuss and attempt to describe stories that target a vast crowd of people .
Though the materials found in a story @MONTH1 be horrific to a parent , it @MONTH1 be a preferred form of literature for a different group of people .
And to limit the literary subjects that people prefer could be parallelled with limiting a person's voice of opinion .
It simply isn't reasonable to allow only a single category of work , with only a few varieties of messages , for only a select group of people .
Variety is what seperates a person's opinions , and makes their being different than another's .
Therefore , censorship of literature should not be enforced .
Writing topics should be open to all people , because whether they are offensive or not they convey a purpose .
And because writers have the right to illustrate their points through a literal medium , there should never be a limit on these rights .
That is why censorship should never be able to remove a piece of literature from any shelf .