Well do you think that every book you read , every movie you watch , and all music you listen to is offensive .
Who can say what is offensive to everyone ?
Who can tell you what you think is offensive or not ?
How can you be your own person if people are making desisions for you about the books you read , the movies you watch , and the music you listen to ?
I 'm going to tell you about why I think that no certain materials such as books , movie , music , magazines , ect.
, should be taken off library selves because someone finds them offensive .
Who can be the ultimate decision maker in deciding if something is offensive to everyone ?
Everyone has their own meaning of offensive .
Everyone thinks that different things are offensive to them .
How can you say that one thing is offensive to one person and is also offensive to another person ?
.
I think if one person thinks that something is offensive to them that is ok , that is their own opioion , but maybe the next person that walks by and see's the so call offensive material will love it .
You should not be able to make someone elses decisions for them if they want to read an offensive book , watch an offensive movie , and or listen to offensive music that is their chose not someone elses to make for them .
If every peson took a book off the selves that they thought to be offensive then we would not longer have any books on the selves .
Some people think that certain music , books , and movies are offensive and other people think that the books , music , and movies are cool and interesting so what do you do then ?
I have learned over the years that not every person will agree with your opinions on everything and you won't agree with them but yet you both still have your own opinions .
You both are allowed to decide what you do and dont like .
You both get to choose what books you read , what movies you watch , and what music you listen to .
So why should we let anyone stop us from being ourselves ?
You can never say that anyone thing is offensive to everyone because no one person can be everyone .
You can't talk for someone else because everyone has a voice for themselves .
So do you think that every book you read , every movie you watch , and all the music you listen to is offensive ?
well you @MONTH1 not but someone else somewhere is trying to take that out of the libraries because they have a negative opinion about it but is that fair ?