Imagine your child or someone that is very close to you .
He's only around @NUM1 old just starting to learn how to be an adult and take on responibliltys .
He wants to try new things .
He listeans to his friends talking about drinking alchol and how much fun is it .
He thinks it sounds amazing to drink .
He dosnt no something is bad about it or not .
No one every told him .
So he starts to drink an dlater died of alchol posing .
Now , you dont want this to ever happen to someone who is very close to you .
If people are to scared to talk about the bad things in life .
Like sex , drugs , etc .. Then they should make books and movies to show how bad these thing are .
There should not be censorship in libraries .
Some of you @MONTH1 say 'well there to young they cant hanndle these things yet . '
@CAPS1 your opinon you should think of there maturity level , aslo they can learn from other peoples mistakes , and it would educate people .
How do you tell on someones maturity level ?
There are many ways to tell .
If you talk to someone about sex and they start to laugh and make jokes then there not very mature .
But , you cant asociate that every @NUM2 year old is immature .
Many people @MONTH1 take this as a serious thing .
Others @MONTH1 not but , they still will be able to see them in there own way .
Putting censorship in libraries would not be a good idea .
Many topics in books , movies , music , magazines , etc .. @MONTH1 have inapropte things in them .
Like sex , drugs , drinking , bad language .
Should all these things be taken out on libraires and off the shevles ?
@CAPS1 a hard question to answer .
But , what you can answer from that is it would allow people to learn from there mistakes .
If theres a movie and a guy and he is doing drugs and later dies .
People could assume that drugs kill you .
But , what about the other thing ?
Its hard to show how its bad to say an offensive word to someone , that they herd on the radio .
But , when they here that word or read about something or watch .
They can ask about it and we can say that saing those things or doing them can be offensive .
Now , can you educate someone from letting the person listean , read , or watch about something offensive or etc .. ?
It depends on the person .
But , you can educate someone about the subject matter .
No matter how offensive the topic is .
We should teach people about them .
If we dont , its bound to repeat it self .
Say if we censor the holocaust becuase of how horifying it was .
No one would no about it and we would most likely repeat the holocaust .
Censoring certain things a library would not be that good of an idea .
Ceratin people can hanndle talking about certain subjects .
Its not always a good thing to censor offensive subjects .
We need to teach people about these thing to educate them , and also so they can learn on what has been done and not repeat it , also some people can handle these materials , they just need to have a high maturitly level .
These are some reasons why there should not be censorship in libraries and other places