Cennsorship in Libraries To remove something a person dislikes off of a shelf , is assuming other peoples opinions don't count .
It really has to depend on what the product is .
Such as a book , magazine , music album , or a movie .
Usually in any store i 've walked into , there are certain departments for each product .
In these seperate departments , the product is always catagorized .
Not from what people like , but by genera or age differences .
If a person was to linger away from their section in that department and go to another part , their taste in their product will seem too different to like .
A local library in a persons commuinty will have many books to read and to choose from .
There are baby books , kids sections , teenage and adults sections as well .
The teenage section is for me !
Although I used to always be in the kids section not that long ago , those books should now be removed because I have no use for them or wouldn't be interested in picking another one up .
Yet that is just me .
However the generation under me will soon love them .
Just because one person dislikes something , doesn't mean it should be thrown out for everyone else .
Music is a different story .
Some people like country and some people like alternative .
In libraries they have all types of music albums that a person can listen to , before they rent it out .
When I listen to one album to see if I like it and find out that I don't , I simply put it back on the shelf and try another one .
The librarian doesn't throw it away because of my opinion , because to someone else it would be the sweetest music to their ears .
Anyone can watch any type of movie in my opinion .
Yet not all parents allow their twelve year old to watch a rated @CAPS1 movie .
For them , it's only @NUM1 movies .
This is how I grew up .
Now that I am allowed to watch whatever my heart desires , i 've noticed that movies are based on maturity levels .
In libraries , some movies arn't allowed to be rented by a younger person .
Yet it doesn't mean they should be tossed out .
When they are older they might actually like them .
Overall a persons opinion will be the most important one to them .
Other opinions wont matter .
Products in a library are for anyone to view , not to judge .
If absolutly everyone did judge the products , there wouldn't be any left