I believe that it is unfair to ban ony sort of materials from the library .
It simply isnt right to withold information from your children .
Any information that they might read or hear is something that they are going to find out sooner or later anyway .
Wouldn't you much rather your children find out from reading it in a book or magazine or hearing it in a movie or cd ?
Then they can ask parents any questions that they @MONTH1 have about things they have read and heard instead of hearing it from a teenager in the hall or talking to a friend about it and being misguided and given the wrong information .
If your child is to read about sex or an affair in a magazine wouldnt you like to know ?
Would you want them to ask you questions about it so that they understand the difference between right and wrong .
Wouldn't it be much easier to know that your child is educated on certian things so that they know when things are false and they 're not confused or worried about something small ?
Any of the things that they @MONTH1 read in a magazine or see in a movie are things that they could easily look up on the internet .
On the internet there are more graphic photos , and some websites give false information on subjects .
Your childs curiosity could take them to inappropriate websites .
When i was a child and I was curiouse my parents sheltered me from certian things .
I found out what kinds of things they were trying to hide from me while I was only in @NUM1 grade when high schoolers on my bus told me all about sex , showed me pictures and told me things that I would have much rather heard about in class or read .
I felt like I couldnt talk to my parents about these things .
I mean what would you do if your second grader came home form school and started talking to you about the kinds of things that they had heard on the bus .
What if the high schoolers had been lieing to me , I would feel stupid for saying anything about it because my parents wouldn't have understood what I was talking about .
What I 'm saying is that understand that there are some things that a child should never be allowed to read , see , or hear .
It isn't fair to them that they don't get the opportunity themselves to learn about it and ask questions .
Besides isn't it your fault in all reality if they get they 're hands on somthing innapropriate for their age becuase they aren't getting the proper supervision ?
If you feel that they are reading , listening , or watching something that you feel is in appropriate , ask questions .
Explain things to them when they ask you a question .
Don't beat around the bush .
Make sure that they know the difference between good and bad , right and wrong .
It truely is not fair to take these things away from them when they don't even know why they are not allowed to look at it