No because all people like to read different books .
Some of the books that people want taken off bookshelves are considered to be part of history.Books help people advance in their reading skills and also help them find new things out .
When I was in middle school I always liked to read @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 books .
When I asked the librarian if they had any of their books they said no .
They thought that kids in middle school shouldn't be reading books with cuss words in them and vilence .
I don't think it should matter what kids read because you can't make a kid read something that he's not interested in because everybody is different all people like different types of books .
Theres all kinds of books like for example theres mystery books , fiction books , non-fiction books , historical books , etc .
The books you use in classrooms are considered books but there not books you read everyday .
I think parents should take their kids to the public library to get a book.When I was in elementry and through junior high we had to take reading tests on the computer.In seventh and eighth grade we had to sit around the room and take a book and read it for part of the hour .
We also a challenge in middle school to see which school could read the most .
That was part of our grade in our english class .
It was never a problem for me because i loved to read.Now there are some books that libraries should take off the shelves .
For example any book that involves nudity or lots of vilance .
Now thats just for kids that are under the age of thirteen .
Now there isn't that many of books out there for little kids to read .
Theres more adult books than little kids books.All I have to say is that watch what your kids read .
Don't keep them from reading books because that will effect them later on in life .
If they don't like to read persuade them to try it .
I also think that more kids would read if they seen their relatives reading too .
Just remember kids and adults of all ages reading is a good thing no matter what you decide to read .