Thoughts of @CAPS1 I feel as though offensive literary pieces should be able to be taken from libraries .
If a piece of @CAPS1 is particularly offensive ; the piece should not be displayed .
From my own experience , controversy is the reason that books are stricken from libraries .
All of my experience , observations , and reading have told me one thing .
That one thing being , pieces of @CAPS1 are taken away because of their offensiveness .
From the experience that I have had with books that cause controversy , I have noticed myself not liking the book .
I believe that is the reason people do not like certain books in libraries .
Coming from someone who does not particularly like reading .
I feel as though reading something that offends me puts me in a state of mind as though I would not like to read any longer .
All of my experiences seem to point to not reading books that cause distress or controversy .
Of all that I have observed , I have found similar things as my experiences .
I have seen people , classmates in particular , that do not desire to read because they feel that a novel has offended them .
Though my observations @MONTH1 seem one-sided .
I truly have observed more lack of reading due to controversy than the increasing of reading due to controversy .
All of my observations seem to point to supporting the revocation of 'banned books ' .
The piece that I have noticed most prominent to this topic that I have read would most definetly be @CAPS2 @NUM1 .
In said novel society has outlawed all books .
The story seems to heavily favor those who wish to read controversial novels , though we can take something from reading this book .
The reading of this novel can be interpreted to favor my argument , as people lived happily without controversial books .
Granted not all people did , but that is because of certain variables .
From stories , such as the three little pig and the big bad wolf , we can understand how poorly the concept of controversiality is drawn .
For instance , I was mortified hearing that the first time .
I have never had the interest of hearing it again , as I felt that the story is not politically correct .
Pieces of @CAPS1 are taken away because of their offensive properties .
If someone has no interest in reading a book because of the thoughts maintained inside of the text ; the book must be stripped from the public .
As it would only make sense to try to keep the peace .
I for one support the cause to remove books from public places due to controversiality .