People today always seem like they are trying to find something offensive .
The problem with the @ORGANIZATION1 is that it always feels like it needs to appease these people .
The truth is that when you have as many as there is in a country , there are going to be many different ideas , thoughts , likes , and dislikes .
Libraries are places of knowledgee .
They keep many differnt books , magazines , and movies there , so that people with all different tastes can enjoy the library .
Most people , with books , figure out early what genre of books , which authors , and how long of books they like .
So books are usually very hard to offend people , because most people can usually tell right away if they like the book or not .
Magazines are like books in away .
People know what they want .
With magazines though , people ususally just flip threw the pages , and skim through articles .
They will keep skiming through the magazine , until they find that perfect article they want to read .
Usually after that , they are done with the magazine .
Music has been around almost as long as mankind has been around .
There is something about music that soothes the human body .
Music is one of those things that ais constantly changing with time .
Before instruments , music was just purely voice , but as the centuries went on , music became more advanced .
Now it would be nice if there was just one type of music that everybody liked , but there isn't .
There are so many types of genres of music , that it would be hard to find a person in this world that liked every type of music .
There are people who hate change .
Likewise thet don't like to change there favorite music types .
But if people changed with time , then there would really only be a few types of music .
But since there are many types of music , there is always going to be someone out there in the world that doesn't think that song shouldn't be played .
Just in the last century movies have came along way in advancement .
Movies use to be simple , they would have a simple plot , and everyone loved it .
But there are so many people who love to see technology advance , that they want movies to change .
Movies today are all about special effects , love , sex , alcohol , parties , fighting , and the list could go on and on .
Directores try to make the best movie possible , so its almost like they try to put just enough of one thing to keep the audience into the movie .
But if they go overboard on a subject , that is when at least one person has a red flag go up in their head and think that is offensive .
Movies are suppose to be enteraaning , not something people should get offended by .
Movies are good about it though .
They have created a rating system to try give the audience a fair warning heads up , so that the audience knows what to suspect in the movie .
It doesn't matter what it is , book , magazine , music or movie , there is always going to be someone who doesn't like it or is just offended by it .
There is nothing to do about that , and it's not a bad thing .
It's just simply means everyone in this world is not the same .
So I think we can all come up with the conclusion that : just because one person doesn't like something , doesn't mean the next person will