Should books and such be removed off of the shelves if they are found offensive ?
Personally I don't think they should be .
If @CAPS3 is something in the book that is remotelly offensive towards children then it should be put under a section for adults only .
Most libraries I have been to have different areas for each age group .
If @CAPS3 is a book that is racially unexceptable then it should be put in the adult section not anywhere for children .
When a book is being questioned if it is offensive or not they should review all the possibilities of how someone @MONTH1 comprehend the story to see their reaction with it .
@CAPS3 are many genres of books , music , magazines , etc.
, so @CAPS3 is always a place that the book can go to .
Most of the questioning about a book is the language in it .
For example , in @CAPS1 we just finished reading the book ' @CAPS2 of @ORGANIZATION1 . '
@CAPS3 is a lot of question if the book should be read in schools or not because of the ' n-word ' .
It is a very harsh word , but it goes with the setting and the background of the story .
When someone is not sure if a book is acceptable or not they should take in concideration what the story is about and whether or not the word is needed or not .
In many cases the unexceptable thing @MONTH1 work along with the story .
If one book is being questioned about something wrong with it then shouldn't all books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, be questioned ?
If something is not allowed for one item then it shouldn't be allowed for something else .
It is all about the audience who reads that certain book if it is appropriate or not to the person reading it .
I have read many books that have certain words that don't bother me , but someone else who isn't use to it @MONTH1 not like .
Some parents don't want their kids hearing foul language or inappropriate stuff from the type of music they listen to .
It all comes down to who reads the book or magazine , and who listens to the music .
Katherine Paterson makes a very good point about how if we start taking the books off of the shelves then eventually @CAPS3 wouldn't be any books left on the shelves anymore .
Just becasue something has a bad word or phrase in it doesn't mean it needs to be taken away from peoples enjoyment !