If you have been a child with parents who cared , then you have heard them say , 'No you can't play that game , you can't listen to that music , or you can not watch that movie . '
@CAPS1 you asked why you were not allowed the same answer was always givin , 'You 're not old enough . '
If you ever had the courage to ask why again they would most likely have said , ' @CAPS2 if I wanted you to know then I would allow you to find out for yourself !
'
, and that didn't get you anywhere now did it ?
Now I would like for you to think back on those things you were not allowed to do , and how now that you are old enough you can do those things .
How would it change things if those movies , @CAPS3's , or games had been removed from the shelves before you had the chance to get to them ?
What would you and your friends have done if you didn't get to watch ' @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 ' that night because some parent or other individual had had it removed from the market because they found it offensive ?
I would also like for you to think about the child you @MONTH1 have or @MONTH1 plan to have , would you want your child to be subjected to such things as ' @DATE1 The @NUM1 ' or ' @CAPS9 and @CAPS10 ' as a @NUM2 year old ?
Most likely that answer is 'no ' , but what if , because they were found offensive , they were simply removed from existence ?
Then they would never see them and to some that @MONTH1 be what's right , and for those of you who think that I have some news for you , those kind of movies are still made today .
'
@DATE1 The @NUM1 ' has been remade and is more graphic than before , and there are countless other titles that i could throw @CAPS6 you now that have some form of sexual themes , drug use , or foul language .
They still exist and are becoming more and more popular among movies .
There are @CAPS11 movies that will have some sort of sexual reference , a cigarette , or a bad word in them .
You might be able to get rid of a few , but would probably never rid the shelves of all of them .
But let's say that you did , that you were , in fact , able to throw away any title that contained these themes .
What would there be left to watch ?
If those movies do not exist any more , then what would your kids have to be able to watch , @CAPS12 the @CAPS13 and @CAPS14- @CAPS15 ?
Not only that , but what movies would you watch , if all movies with something offensive in them were removed then you wouldn't have anything left for yourself .
Every thing that you might like and/or think is funny in a film , but don't want your child to see is gone .
My answer to you is to not just throw everything out that @MONTH1 be offensive , or that you might not want your child to see .
Instead of going to such drastic measures to shield your child from them , but to simply not allow them to watch those movies or listen to that music .
It's what I 'm sure your parents did you , and I know it's what mine do to me , and guess what ?
It has worked so far , so why should we change it ?