A kid walks into the library up town .
He looks around and finds a movie one of his friends recommended to watch .
He checks it out and goes home to watch the movie .
Later on , his parents come home to see their son acting out of the ordinary .
He starts to say rude comments , being violent , and using profanidity .
Who is to blame ?
The friend who recommended the movie , or the library for having this movie on the shelves and letting the young kid check it out ?
Today , many libraries have a variety of books , movies , music , and magazines to choose from .
Some libraries even have computers for kids , teenagers , and adults to use for certain things such as business , personal mail on websites , or games for kids to play .
But are all the libraries meeting their requirements ?
Some people find many books , movies , music , magazines , and even websites threatning .
Libraries have movies that are rated @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 , @NUM1 , @CAPS3 , or @CAPS4 .
They @MONTH1 also have music that has explicit lyrics on the @CAPS5 .
Some libraries @MONTH1 not meet their requirements and that is why libraries do not have as much business as others .
In my opinion , I think that if a library has offensive material , such as books , music , movies , magazines , and websites , they should be removed from the shelves .
If the librarians are letting young kids check out explicit music , and @CAPS4 movies , they should possibly be fired .
From my own experience , I have not had trouble with libraries and materials they have to choose from .
I have not visited a library that has had explicit music to choose , all of the bad websites are blocked on the computers , and all of the magazines are appropriate for all ages .
In conclusion , libraries should have respect not only for people , but for the materials they have .
They need to show respect for the books , movies , music , and magazines they provide for kids , teenagers , and parents .
Censorship is required for every library and I think that all the libraries around do meet their requirements .