I belive that the view on censorship in libraries are fine as they are for many reasons .
The main reasons that i belive censorship in libraries are fine are that almost everything in the library are for people to learn about weather they read it or watch a movie about it .
Another reason is that if they took everything that was offecsive or unliked then there would be a lot less information for people to learn about in libraries .
I agree with Katherine Paterson in her quote because it means that if we took away every book that someone found offensive then there would be no books left .
Every person has different things that offend them and it would not be possible to remove everything from the library that offended someone .
For example , if someone wanted to learn about a historic war from the past , but if someone was offended by the war because they lost a family member or friend to it , should the piece of writing be taken away ?
Libraries are a place that someone can go to , to learn about something .
They hold a lot of information about many different subjects that people go to learn about even if it @MONTH1 be offensive to some people .
If someone doesn't like something or finds it offensive then they should just leave it on the shelf and move on because someone else might learn something important from it .
There are things in life that people need to be opened to or informed about even though they @MONTH1 not always be plesent .
Libraries are the place that people get introduced to these things and if these things are removed then where will people go to be informed about this information .
To sum it all up , yes there are things in libraries that some people @MONTH1 find offensive but other people @MONTH1 learn from it and it would be unfair to take this information away from everyone else .
A library is a place to go to learn about different things and should alway have information on different subjects and topics .
Many people have learned things from a library that have affected their lives and will keep learning more things as long as they are still opened to a wide source of information .