Censorship in Libraries I believe that there should be censorship in libraries .
In @DATE1's society there are many kids who are hurting and are getting into bad things .
There are somethings kids just should not see .
Censorship should be used in libraries to steer kids in the right direction , to take some stress off of parents , and because some offensive movies are actually offensive .
Censorship in libraries can steer kids in the right direction .
Odds are , if a kid sees his role model on the front of a movie case smoking a cigarette , then that kid is probably going to become curious about smoking .
This has happened to me before .
I once saw this kid that I looked up to drinking , and I almost took up drinking myself , but because I had the right peers , I didn't .
The point is that when kids see someone they look up to doing a certain thing , it has a great impact .
If that movie case is sensored then that kid would never even think about smoking because of his role model .
Every parent is worried about their kid getting into trouble with the law , right ?
Some of the movies that a kid can get at a library has the actors doing illegal things in it .
A kid will see this and then they will probably think it is cool and go out and do the same thing .
I have seen plenty of movies that made me want to go out and do what they did in the movie .
What if that thing they see in a movie is murder ?
It maybe crazy to think that a kid would go out and murder someone because he saw people do it in a movie , but it could happen .
A couple years ago I can remember reading an article in the newspaper about a kid shooting his father in the head .
This kid was only six years old , but he thought that playing with guns was safe because he saw them do it in the movies .
Censorship can take some of the stress off of some parents ' backs .
Parents stress all the time about where their kids are , what they are doing , who they are with , and so on .
If the library censors some of the music and movies that kids watch then his parents will not have to worry too much about him going off and doing bad things because he sees his peers do it .
This makes parents feel good and confident in their child's life .
Finally , offensive movies are actually offensive , whether this be to the kid himself , the parents , or the audience that the movie is targeting .
Keeping offensive movies censored can relieve a lot of hate in a kid's life .
I say this from experience .
In movies we always see the smart kids getting picked on and it seems like the athletes get all of the attention .
Well I am sort of considered that smart kid .
I feel that , because of some of the movies my peers have watched , they find it okay to pick on me .
This creates hate inside of their hearts , all because censorship was not used .
In conclusion it has to be obvious that I feel censorship should be used in libraries .
Censorship should be used in libraries to steer kids in the right direction , to take some stress off of parents , and because some offensive movies are actually offensive .
With censorship , all of these things can be accomplished .
This is not only helpful to the kids , but the parents as well .
In my experience , censorship is a good thing to have .