I believe that if there is a book in a library that a child is not allowed to read that the book should be some where the kid shouldnt be able to get it .
I think those types of books should be stored in the part of the library were a child shouldn't have access to .
Also the library should have a section to where only the certain age can read that book .
In some libraires there are a bunch of books that are not made for a child to read and they have them to where a child can get access to them and that shouldnt be allowed .
So i believe that they shouldn't allow children to get access to those types of books .
The same thing applies in a store .
In some stores they have a magazine section where there are bad stuff that a kid is not allowed to see .
I know in the grocery store that i go to there are inaproperiate images and words that a child should see or read .
So there should be an area inside that store that a certain age can access them because one day i was in the store and i saw a little kid reading a magazine and saying the bad words that were in it and looking at the bad pictures it also had in it .
So that is the reason they should put the magazines in a place were children shouldn't get access to them .
In the same store there is a music section and there are children in it all the time .
The music is not all that bad its just that the kids can take these off the shelves and take it home and listen to it .
This is the part that is the parents fault by buying the @CAPS1 for the child to listen to .
So if the parent buys the child that @CAPS1 that is bad it is the parents fault .
But i think that the @CAPS1's for little children should be in one part of the store and the @CAPS1's for the older people should be where the can get access to it .
This same thing applies with movies .
There are movies in stores that are rated from @CAPS5 , @LOCATION1 , @LOCATION1 @NUM1 , @CAPS6 , and even for @CAPS7 audiences only .
In a bunch of the movies form @LOCATION1 @NUM1 abd up have a bunch of stuff in them that a child should not see .
Like in the @CAPS7 audiences only movies they show nudity and a lot more stuff that no one under @NUM3 shouldnt see but they have some of those just sitting on the shelves at stores .
So children shouldn't be able to have access to those types of movies .
The reason i explained all of this is so children dont get ahold of them .
Like in the music if the kids start listening to some bad music they will start saying those bad words and get in trouble at school and anywere else .
Even if the chid reads a book that has bad stuff in it they will start saying those words or even do the stuff that happens in the book .
In the movies that a child is not suppost to see like a gory action movie or a movie that shows nudity or even a movie that cuses that child will see that movie and will show there friends or get ideas form the movie .
And these are the reasons why a child shouldn't be allowed to get access to this kind of stuff .