Should we have the right to be able to remove materials from shelves if they are found offensive ?
I believe that we should not have the right to be able to do this .
I believe that if we had the right there would be no materials left for future children to read .
A big thing to consider when you think about this right , is even though our materials speak of discrimination , or use a word that someone might find offensive , or even if we did not like the book , movie or magazine and thought that it was a waist of space .
We should never have the right to be able to remove these materials .
I know of several people that think the harmless childs first book is trying to discriminate someone , or a race of people .
There are books out there that are discriminating certain races of people , or informing us of a time when people were discriminated against .
If we would have the right to remove these materials , all of them would eventualy be gone .
Our future children wouldnt know that the event even happened or if they did half of their information would more than likely be wrong , since over years people would probably change the story to a version that they wanted their child to think .
If someone found one single word in the book or even a movie that they thought was offensive then they would have the right to remove the material from another persons view .
If someone found a curse word in the material that they found offensive , or if they just find the idea of using curse words offensive they would be able have the material removed and that would mean that thousands of good books and movies would disappear for a word that one person did not like .
Some people might find them to be a waist of space and just remove it , if they did not like the book , movie , music or magazine .
There are some people out there that like to read or listen to them and @MONTH1 find some of the them that we cant stand to look at , good or entertaining .
Some people do not like a book by its size or by how big or small the words are .
These arent ways to judge a book .
I think that nobody should have the right to remove a book , movie , music , or magazine from the shelf .
We all should keep these materials as a reference to future generations .
Past people in the world have destroyed materials that they didnt like , now we will never know what they were about or even trying to tell us .
There is no reason to remove a material just for the oppinion of one person or even the oppinion a a group of people .