There are many different types of books , music , movies , magazines , ect.
, that fill the shelves of libraries and stores across the country .
Consumers are constanly taking these items off the shelves without realizing what they are really buying .
Some parents @MONTH1 not even realize what their teenagers or little children are actually buying .
Some of the material @MONTH1 be offensive and have a bad influence on those who buy into them .
But if parents were more careful about what their children buy then there would not be a problem .
That is why these materials should remain on the shelves .
One vital reason these items should not be taken away is because it is the consumers choice on whether or not they want to buy or check out these items .
People should be able to decide for themselves on what they will or will not buy .
If they do not want to buy or check these materials out then then they should just go to another shelf , or shop at another store .
I have seen some parents who do not really care what their children buy , and I have also seen parents go the other way .
If stores take away these items that it is almost like taking away their right to make a choice .
It is the adult's responsibility if they do not want their children to watch movies that are for mature viewers .
The parent should be able to prohibit certain things until their child is old enough to make its own decisions .
If they trust their children with these materials then that is their choice .
These offensive items can not just be taken off the shelves just because some people are bothered by them .
With the way the media works , it would be difficult to remove all these items from libraries and stores .
No matter what there will probably always be a way for younger children to be exposed to these materials .
On television there is always commercials that will attract kids or teens and influence them to but their stuff .
I have also seen music videos and magazines with their favorite celebrities on the covers .
It is almost impossible to control every aspect of society to make it appropriate to younger viewers .
If all the people were able to take all the items that they did not approve of off the shelves , then there would be many of these shelves left empty and bare .
If everyone were to take a book they did not like off the shelf then there would be a little selection at the libraries .
By taking off one of these books , someone could be taking off another persons favorite book .
People can not just take books off the shelves because they have some bad language .
There is a reason for separating the children's section from the adult's section , and it is because some books might not be appropriate for all readers .
From my personal experience I have not seen any problems with kids checking out offensive books .
Most little kids are attracted to the children's section because of the colorful pages and simpler words .
There is a variety of materials available to the public that @MONTH1 be offensive to some , especially to their little children .
As a parent it is their responsibility to keep track of what their children are being shown .
People can not take materials off the shelves because it is only offensive to some .
This would not be fair to those who enjoy these kind of materials .
If they do not want to buy it then they should simply move on to another shelf or to a completely different store .
It is their choice as the consumer on whether or not they want to buy into the many different types of books , music , movies , magazines , ect .