Dear @CAPS1 paper , I for one do think that certain books should be removed from the book shelves at the libraries , but I also disagree with that same situation as well .
For example , I believe that certain books shoud be removed from the library shelves because , under age children also attend the library , and because , other people might find certain books offensive and should not be displaed in a library .
My disagreement to the situation is that the its a library , and libraries have different types of books .
First , I think that certain books should be removed from the library because , it a public library and not only adults attend that library , but under age children as well .
I know that certain books under age children are not allowed to check out , but they are not deprivcd of their privlliages of staying in the library reading such books .
Next , I do not agree that cerain books should be viewed on library shelves because , other people might find such a book offensive to be in a library .
The reson I say this is because some books oppose humor to other people race , and if for say a black , mexican , maybe even a arbiana person was to come in the library looking for a book and happen to fall upon a book that talks about their race , most people would take that offensive .
However , I do not think that any book being deprived from a libray .
My reason for thinking that is simply because its a library , and libraries are developed for many peole types of intrest in books .
And I don't think it will be fair that certain books should be removed from the library because people think they are inappropraite in certain people interest in books .
And people should be free to come in and look at books without having to search for books that interest them but are removed because other people find them offensive .
Therefore , I do and also don't agree that a library should be stripped of a book becuase it lacks intrest in someone or offend someone .
And that such a person should 'put the shoe on the other foot ' as the saying goes and try to see from other people point of view .