In @DATE1's world there are so many things around our children that if we tried to take materials away , we would be take most of what is made for entertainment .
Many adults say that our world has changed so much from the time when they were younger .
Well , why don't we do something about it ?
People need to stop complaining about everything and just do something .
Adults can eliminate the amount of materials the children take home with them .
If you were to walk into any store these days you would find something that you would not want your children to watch , see , or listen to .
I believe people are doing the best they can to seperate these materials from the family oriented materials .
Sometimes it is just not enough , children are still getting addicted to some materials at a very early age .
These children share what they have with their friends , and these other children start doing the same things .
Many materials such as movies and music have negative ideas that teach children things they do not need to know or learn .
The material that talks about drugs , parties , and drinking does not even need to be on a radio station or a television channel that a young child would listen to .
Our adults need to also learn that it is not good for the children to learn and listen to these things , and to keep their children away from it as much as possible .
Like the author said if everyone was able to take something off of the shelves there would not be anything left .
We are always going to have these things that we do not want children to see , but we can start to eliminate some of them .
The others we can not eliminate we can continue to keep on the shelves and other places , but just kept where children don't go .
I believe that our towns and cities can do a better job of keeping our children away from @CAPS1 rated movies , negative songs , and different books that talk about 'adult things . '
The children are the future of the world .
If that's all they are watching and thinking about then it does not look good for the future .
There are many things we can do to stop our children from watching , listening , and learning about these negative things in life .
Keep the children away from these materials , it will be a better world if we do .