There are many books , music , movies , and magazines that people find offensive .
Some people even believe these things should be taken off the shelves .
I do not believe that the books , music , movies , or magazines should be taken off the shelves completely .
Not everyone finds these things offensive and they should not be taken off the shelves because a few people do not agree with them .
First , people have different views on what they find offensive .
Not everyone will find the same things offensive or want the same books or song to be removed .
With people always having different views it is difficult to take books , music , movies , or magazines off the shelves for everyone .
Just because one person does not agree with what is being said in the movie or book does not mean that every single person wants that movie or book to be removed .
If one person found my favorite book offensive I would not want it taken off the shelves completely .
Equally important , if every book , song , movie , and magazine that someone finds offensive is taken off the shelve there would not be many books , movies , songs , or magazines left .
Author Katherine Paterson once said , 'But if I have the right to remove a book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 is saying that if every single book that offends someone is taken off the shelves there would be no books for anyone to read .
People find different things offensive and if everyone took these things off the shelves there would be none left for anyone .
Finally , if someone finds a book offensive they do not have to read it .
When someone finds a book , movie , song , or magazine offensive they don't need to watch it or read it .
Instead of taking it off the shelves the person could just not read it .
Not everyone finds the same books offensive and taking them off the shelves could upset many people .
When someone finds something offensive they could just avoid that instead of getting it removed and upsetting other people .
If someone was offened by one of my favorite books , I would prefere if they just avoid reading it instead if taking it off the shelves so that I can not read it .
Some people find many books , songs , movies , and magazines offensive .
They would like these things to be removed from the shelves permenatly .
I , however , do not believe that these things should be removed .
Taking these off the shelves could make some people happy , it could also upset even more .
Not everyone finds the same things offensive and should not be taken off the shelves because a few people do not agree with them