Imagine walking out of your home and you see right down the street a giant bonfire , right in the open .
You see men walking into a library empty handed and walk out carrying armfuls of books , magazines , movies , and other media .
The men then toss them into the raging inferno and you seem them become incinerated , lost forever .
This is what will happen if we let censorship of our libraries take place .
We should not let censorship of our libraries take place since it violates a constitutional right , will gradually make our society more and more ignorant , and will let this nation slide from a democratic nation to one where the beliefs and ideals of the people are controlled by a small group of people .
Letting censorship of our libraries take place will violate a basic constitutional right , plain and simple .
In the @ORGANIZATION1 it clearly says that there will be freedom of the press .
By tossing out certain literary works this right will be thrown to the side and by violating one constitutional right , what will come next ?
Will our freedom of speech be negated , or our freedom to assemble ?
As citizens of the @LOCATION1 we can not let this happen to our great nation .
By allowing certain books and essays to be thrown out of our libraries , the people's knowledge base will eventually shrink down drastically .
For example take @PERSON1's theory of evolution , a very sensitive subject among people of the @CAPS1 faith .
If all of his works regarding that were to be thrown out , much information that was very valuable to biologists would be lost and those biologists would not be able to improve upon the existing pool of information .
If this was to take place our civilization would experience a lessening intellect and a expanding ignorance regarding many fields of knowledge .
Picture @CAPS2 in the @DATE1 .
Hitler's @ORGANIZATION2 has taken power and our systematically destroying all materials they find to be subversive to the @ORGANIZATION2 cause , only allowing materials that contained beliefs and ideals that they thought were correct to exist in libraries .
This is exactly what we would be doing if we allowed censorship of our libraries to take place .
The censoring of the libraries would be controlled by a relatively small group of people which means that the censoring would be controlled by that same people's beliefs and ideals , and those same beliefs and ideals would thus be forced upon the people , shaping the beliefs and ideals of the masses to those select few .
In conclusion , letting censorship take place in our public libraries will dismantle the basic structure of our society by violating a constitutional right , making our society gradually become more and more ignorant , and letting the beliefs and ideals of our people rest in the hands of a select few .
This is not what our @CAPS3 @CAPS4 envisioned @LOCATION2 to become and they were right .
Letting censorship exist in our public libraries is simply wrong