Everyone has things that would offend them , whether they admit it or not .
Books are known to do this to people .
However , there are all different kinds of books , music , and all the other materials that could offend all different kinds of people .
There are even books read in school classrooms that offend people .
Reading is an important thing and whether or not the reader likes it , they will come across one that offends them .
I believe we have the right to have those offending things because there are so many books who offend people , music and movies have censorship , and if they don't like it they should ignore it .
First of all , we have the right to have these kinds of books .
Just like in life , there are certain things people don't like , but deal with it anyway .
That's what this is .
Even though there are the handful out there that don't like those certain books , those books are the ones that are well liked and become famous .
I have read a book that people have wanted to ban and it was one of the best books I have read .
To sum that all up , if we took away every book that one person didn't like , there would be only few left .
Secondly , music and movies have censorship .
You can choose whether you want that censorship or not .
Movies tell what ages are okay to watch those movies .
Music blocks out the words that need to be .
If they don't want it they don't have to listen to it or watch it .
We all have the certain things we love and hate , we can't eliminate all of the hated things .
Last of all , in my opinion if they don't want it they don't have to have it .
The music and movies are an option to people , they don't have to listen or watch something they think is a bad idea .
It's all opinionated , there isn't a right or wrong to it .
I know of people out there who don't have @CAPS1's or they don't listen to the radio , that's perfectly fine .
They don't have to complain about because they don't pay any attention to it .
To wrap this all up , there are so many books out in the world that offend people , the music and movies have censorship , and if they can't stand it they don't have to deal with it .
As I said , these books , magazines , music , etc .
are very well liked by many of people , so why get rid of them for those few who get offended ?
We all have things we do and don't like that we can not do anything about .
As Katherine Paterson once said , 'But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf , then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '