There I was , shuffling my way through the library , finding the perfect books to check out .
It was then that I had stumbled upon a book that looked incredibly interesting .
The cover page featured a depressed girl with the look of hope plastered on her face and the back included the summary of a book I wanted to get my hands on .
The book , titled @CAPS1 , was about a girl who went through some troubled times but found her way out of it .
Stories , novels , magazines , or books on tape of any type find their way onto our library shelves , it is then our job to discover them .
Whether literature includes stories of love and breakbreak , sorrow and depression , or the success of a sports team , it should all be allowed on our library shelves .
Opinion , everyone has one that conflicts with someone elses .
Our world revolves around these different viewpoints and ideas , should our literature and music not reflect these opposing sides ?
Literature is an escape for many people , it is their way of experiencing the world and to live through the main character of whatever they are reading .
If we remove books that @MONTH1 be offensive to one , we are taking away that opportunity for others .
In my opinion , the removal of the potentially offensive material in our libraries , is sheltering our world .
Regardless of how hard we try , children and teenagers will one day be exposed to the offensive material we are attempting to remove from their lives .
We should not attempt to hide what our actual world is like , rather allow them to experience it in a safe way , like reading or listening to music .
If someone views material as offensive , it should be the parent's responsibility to regulate whether their child reads or listen to it or not .
The removal of the potentially offensive material would not be any help .
In conclusion , offensive material should not be removed from our libraries , rather regulated through our parents or elders .
The idea of regulating what is on our shelves is not the most effective .
If any material has the potential of being offensive , it is not the library's role to regulate whether or not it is displayed to the public