The censorship in a library should be kept the same as it is already .
A few reason explain why the censorship is alright as it is .
Those reason are That the parents should be in charge of the books their children read , that not all people agree on censorship , and that the libraries have books of different subjects that people like to read .
The first reason is that parents shoud be in charge of what their children read .
If the parents would just tell their children no to a certain book , then the child will not read it .
If the parent does not want their child to go into a section then , the parents can just say keep away from that area .
Although , sometimes the child @MONTH1 stray away from its parents it is not very likely that the parent will not notice .
That is why the parents should be in charge of what their children read .
The second reason is that not all people agree on censorship .
Certain people think that religion is important no matter what the book shows , but others would think parts of religious book ( nudity , swears , etc ... ) is extremely innapropriate .
Some people would say that books like @CAPS1 mythology books are innapropriate and need to be censored , although others think these books are past culture and that they should remain in the libraries forever .
Most children will look at these books and think that the books are to big to read , so they would not even look at them .
Few people would agree on censorships , and a lot of people would disagree .
The third reason is that libraries have different subjects than the innapropriate books .
The people can look at a different book and completely ignore the others .
It is not like a child will go up to the dirtiest book they can find and say ' @CAPS2 I want to read that one . '
the child will probably want something that relates to a television show or a movie of some sort .
The point being that a person can read other books than just innapropriate books .
Library books should be kept the same because the parents should be in charge of what their children read , not all people agree on censorship , and libraries have different subjects that people want to read .
The censorship should be fine according to some people other would disagree .
The children probably would not look at the innapropriate book anyways , because they would not interest the child .