So you see a nice , old lady looking at one of many books throught a library , she chucks @CAPS4 .
You look at her , she looks at you , she walks away .
You go and pick up the book , @CAPS4's about medical marijuana .
She took offense to that ?
I don't really care what people got ta say , if @CAPS4's on the shelf , @CAPS4 stays on the shelf .
I 'm convincing librarians , readers , and everyone else that if you have offense to a book , magazine , movie , or anything you can find at a @CAPS1 library , shut your fat mouths .
A library serves many purposes , one , @CAPS4's @CAPS1 , itt's open to anyone and everyone .
Two , if you have a library card , you can check out books , movies , music , etc .
Three , if your walking down the road and ' got ta go , ' you can stop right in and leave .
What I 'm trying to say is that nothing should be removed from any shelf at any library .
Yeah , I mean there's a certain point at which you got to take charge , but even then you can have an adolescent room or what not .
I think that if you take something off the shelf at a library , you can just taking away part of the heart .
Let's say you have @NUM1 @CAPS1 libraries in your town , one library has one thing the other doesn't have .
Someone riots and they get to take @CAPS4 off the shelf .
Your never going to find that anywhere else unless you buy @CAPS4 off line .
And sometimes , that can get a little pricey , especially since you can get @CAPS4 free at a library ?
But then again , I see where people are coming from to take certain materials off the shelfs .
Say you got ta @NUM2-year old kid , and he walks up to you carrying a sex love book .
What can you say about that ?
I mean in sounds corny but @CAPS4 can happen .
Most parents just want to keep their kids in a safe , harmless enviroment .
That's where they come in and say , ' I thought this was a @CAPS1 library ?
! '
Then that's where @CAPS4 goes bad .
After all that happens , people just accuse the librarians to @CAPS2 they got these books , movies , and music that's just bad for a young kid .
But @CAPS4's not the librarians ' fault , different people like different books , that's @CAPS2 a library has many , many choices when @CAPS4 comes to books .
That's when the question comes up , ' @CAPS2 don't we just have seperate rooms , for seperate books ? '
@CAPS3 , that sounds good and all , but who's gon na pay for @CAPS4 ?
Libraries get donated alot of their stuff , they are profitable , but then again a non-profitable resource .
Libraries have been around for ages , most of them started out small and now are big .
That's when the library gets donations , looks through them , and sells the books they don't want or need .
They make money off that , that's when they start making seperate rooms .
@CAPS4 sounds crazy , but @CAPS4 wouldn't cause a riot to go on about people .
Therefore , people are happy , librarians happy , and most of all you are happy .
You can find the book you want or need easy as one , two , three .
All you got ta do is go to that certain room , look for @CAPS4 , check @CAPS4 out and you got a nice book to be reading anytime .
@CAPS4 sounds easier that looking @CAPS4 up , get the dewy decimal number , find the number .
All in all , we shouldn't remove anything from a library shelf bevause @CAPS4 @MONTH1 be the only one in your town , maybe the only one in your state , maybe through the whole country .
You never know .
All I got ta say is , ' @CAPS4's better to keep a book , than to forget a book .