Maybe , to a sense I do not think that boo'ks should be removed to an extent .
The reason for this is becasue that some books , magazine and other stuff can be informative .
They can help you wtih certain questions .
They @MONTH1 not always answer what you need but they are there to look back at and see what type of generation we have .
But , there is also other reasons things that can be offense to others .
People @MONTH1 take that aspect to the next level to where they are getting hurt .
I think that maybe certain books and magazines should be removed .
They tend to do damage to others and can hurt other poeple .
The sense of this nautre is to ask the store to remove the books or magazine .
The store can not take the books off the shelf if one person is offended by the book .
If you take every offensive book of the the shelf then you will not learn from the other mistakes it has taken on other peoples lives .
They maybe think it would be a good idea to books off the shelf but younger adults could not learn the mature items that the parents do not want to terach .
They @MONTH1 think they are doing t the right thinking by not showing you sexual offenive stuff .
You @MONTH1 not want kids or others to see this sexuality and see what the world is becoming .
Also , I can see why they would want to take that stuff off the shelves .
They @MONTH1 not like what they see but they think it is the truth and is very offensive to see the sexual , mental illness people have .
Certain books @MONTH1 stay on the shelf such as a @CAPS1 book .
@CAPS1 books so the human body they do not hid the human body we should know about the human body .
So the @CAPS1 books and magazines should stay on the shelf .
If you want to look at naked provakadive stuff then go to a sex store .
Do not put out books in public that can show the sexually side of humanbeings .
The @CAPS1 magazines are there to learn not for enjoyment .
You can go to a different store for enjoyment .
But , if you take off stuff that can be offensive to others then that means you would have to take off the @CAPS1 items .
People could get offenive by not looking like the poeple in the magazine .
That could offend them so would you take it off the shelf or not .
Not you would not becasue a @CAPS1 book is there for you learning envoirment not to ofen you .
That also could go for the sexual magaizes .
Yes , sex is good for you but would you want to teach that to ounger kids that fast .
You would want to teach them about sexual introcourse not a magazine .
I know that @CAPS1 books and tapes can be incouraging sex but they are mainly talking to adults .
As far as music and tapes go no I do not think that those types should be removed .
That is for enjoyment and people liek to relax to this sorta stuff .
I mean I do not buy tapes of @CAPS2's or music but othe people do .
They enjoy it if you did take it off then what else would they put up ?
You have to think about the younger generations .
The older generations lived a happy not violent life .
But , for teenagers now in certain places they have it hard .
They need to make a living on the street .
They need something to listen to .
This offensive music is to listen sure some music is horrible but what music isnt these days .
If music is what you are instersed in then why would we take it off the shelves .
People make a living listeing to music and cerating it for others .
It is a wonderful thing it really is what makes the world go around .
Making stores and stands take the music and newspapers off would be a disappointment to see such a wonderful thing go down the hole because it hurt others .
If you go back to the @NUM1's there music was about drugs as well and nobody ever had a problem about that .
Maybe people don't have a problem with it but its becaseu they grew up around it .
Just like we have grown up to the rap and the sexual musice .
We are teenagers and you were once a teenager .
You know you would not be listeing to a beetles song that wouod not be about drugs or sex or getting high .
The beetles sang about all the stuff singers sing about now .
Generations change and so does the enivorment but you can not change they way we grew up .
You can try to make it better but it will take a lot of will power .
The generations now are tough and they wont let down .
You might as well stop trying to take down what we grew up to away from us .
Nobody was trying to take away your music so why would you take away ours .
Its not something you want to take away it's somthing you want to look back and see how much are generations have changed from one to another