In my opinion I believe all types of material should be allowed in libraries .
If someone takes offense to a particular topic or section they dont have to read it .
Not just certain types of genre and themes or magazines .
Everyones different meaning they have differents personalities and views on what they like .
I think libraries such actually expand thier variety of books .
Libraries that don't cater to a persons desires or interests , what would make them want to stay ?
Libraries should be filled with all sorts of subjects appealing to everyone .
Just like how they have an adult and children section .
Everyone has a place were that feel like they belong .
Even if some people get offended .
A person can get offended anywhere not just by a certain magazine or some music style .
I do believe if there is a certain line of respect of course .
Nothing should get to out of line were it's an issue with a numerous amount of consumers complaining about the same topic .
You can tell if a certain section or material is crossing the line .
Each section should be written to speak the truth but also in a respectful manner .
In the times that I 've been to the library there @MONTH1 be some things that I don't agree with how certain things are certain ways .
But then I see a person really enjoying their time at the library .
I know when I go I always find my style of music that appeals to me .
Not just the same thing everywhere I go .
Theres always a choices , different options and more things I can learn about .
Keeping all the materials like books , music , movies , etc is a way to appeal for everyone .
I person should have their opinion and the choice to be able to read what they like .
There will always be a certain movie or book you don't care for , but others might .
If everyone told what they like and don't like about a certain book .
Where's the variety ?
What books will be left ?
Everyone has their on thoughts on what they like , if theres a topic you don't like you probably know least about it .
And the library is a good way to search and find information about anything