I believe the current way materials are censored and removed works , and should continue .
While everyone @MONTH1 dislike a particular novel or book , libraries can not remove every book a person dislikes , as Katherine Paterson said .
When a book appears so controversial to the point where the majority of people disapprove of it , then the book usually is taken off of the shelves .
The possibility children will see the offensve material appears unlikely .
Most public libraries do not put their offensive material near the childrens books .
At my local library , their is a section that has the more offensive or obscene books all in one place .
To acquire these books you must have a parents permission or be @NUM1 years of age .
It is very unlikely a child would ever see the materials in question .
Numerous people who find the materials offensive must also remember the time and place the story originated .
@PERSON3 @PERSON2 @MONTH1 have had racial slurs in it , but if one considers the time and place of the novel , these slurs were normal for the time .
Someone can not be frustrated with a novel written @NUM2 years ago because it has something offensive in it by todays standards .
While I believe , for the most part , libraries should not censor or remove materials , there should be some restrictions set in place to keep extremely harmful materials out of libraries .
For instance , libraries should not have dirty magazines or movies on their shelves .
If a high majority of people want a particular material banned , then it is hard to ignore them .
When a book is so vulgar people begin to protest the book , there are questions as to whether the book should remain on library shelves .
When a high percentage of people join that cause , then it should be banned .
Censoring or removing materials from libraries remains a hot topic today .
I believe the current system in place to censor or remove books does its job , and that it should continue .
If few people disapprove of a particular material , the book remains in most shelves uncensored .
When a lot of people begin to protest that same material , it has a high probability of being banned .
With this process , every book with a racial slur or questionable scene is not removed , while the ones that truly deserve it are removed .