Have you ever been at the library and asked yourselve any of the following questions ?
Who reads this ?
Why is it here ?
Are kids reading or watching this stuff ?
Do kids check these out ?
Or have you ever wondered or said to your self any of these statements ?
I don't want my kids to pick this up and read this .
This is so offensive .
This goes against all our morals .
I don't know what kind of freak convention this is but I 'm no part of it .
Lets get out of here .
This place is wack .
Ever consider what books get banned from the library ?
Who bans the books ?
I think things should have to be very offensive to pull them off the shelves .
I think that they should just stick them to a side of the library and put a age on it or you have to be a certain age to check out those books .
I dont think the cussing books are that offensive .
When the person ( No matter who it is ) goes out into the world .
They are going to learn and hear curse words .
People use them like they do the words 'and ' or 'the ' .
They are going to hear them till thier grave .
Wheather they chose to use them or not that's thier choice .
For them to be banned or moved to a diffrent group of books they should have to be sexist , raciest , have alot of sex , or just really grusome .
I think they should go upstairs with the mushy romance and wacked out western .
I mean people could go up there and check them out but that is the adult library area .
The staircase should be by the circulation desk .
When they are not busy they should go upstairs and check and see if there are any young children up there .
I think The top level or a certain area should be the adult area .
They have mushy lovey dovey stuff , they have cow boy shoot off stuff , and the offensive stuff .
The stuff with too much sex , really raciest , or really sexist , or grusome stuff like people killing people for fun.Also they should have the adult magazines up there too .
Don't act like you don't know what im talking about .
You know how you go down a aisl at the @CAPS1 market and there are girls in thier bikini and half naked .
Then there are the cosomos both should be upstairs .
I mean they talk about how to give pleasureable sex .
I would hate for some little @NUM1 year old or @NUM2 year old to pick that thing up she would be scarred for life .
Then the main level or area should be teen books .
You know vampire books , @CAPS1 heros , crazy fiction stuff , and then the magazines and movies that aren't bad .
Then the bottom level should be the children level .
Games puppets and movies and easy books .
That about sums that up .
I dont think just anybody should be able too ban a book .
I think it should be open but not just anyone .
There should be a huge meeting .
With the mayor , a couple teachers one english teacher from each level , and parents , and the librabiens .
The person who wants in banned should have to tell everyone why and stuff .
Like Author Katherine Paterson said 'All of us can think of a book we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf , then you also have the exact same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left for any of us .