Censorship ; the aspect of removing offensive materials from the public eye .
Is this the right thing to do ?
Should society as a whole take away variety ?
Do you believe our generation or future generations should not get to experience and understand what the past generations have ?
I believe censorship is wrong in every aspect , but I also believe that materials that are offensive , or unappropiate for certain ages can be controlled .
Movie theatres , video stores , @ORGANIZATION1 , and television all do it .
They use ratings and age control for their viewers .
Now control can be difficult , and @MONTH1 not always work if not handled correctly .
To handle this situation before it arises , the library can use a system like restaraunts or bars use ; such as , checking identification before letting a book that is ' @CAPS1 ' rated or above be checked out .
Different sections in the library can be available to certain age groups .
Now you @MONTH1 be thinking ; doesn't this idea take away from the liberties that libraries give us ?
Well you @MONTH1 be right , but you would rather have our children see violence and other inappropiate materials that they shouldn't ?
It would be just like the movie theatre .
You would not need to buy a ticket , but the control of content would be phenomial compared to what it is .
Would you want your six year old girl picking up an adult violence movie , sexual content movies , or even a @CAPS2 with cursing in it ?
Why should the library offer things for children that parents would frown upon ?
I believe the library should be a place of learning and freedom , but the learning should be something age appropiate .
Our society is maturing too fast for young children , why should the library take part in that ?
Libraries located in schools do not even offer this material because they know that the majority of the readers ' for their library are students .
This being said why should public libraries be okay with stocking this material .
Yes , media is everywhere .
Movies , books , magazines , newspapers , music , and much more flash and sell more than they should .
Media shows children things they shouldn't know about until they are young adults , but does this make it okay ?
Does it make is right for children to see and want all they want to ?
No , it does not .
Fighting fire with fire only makes a larger fire .
Why start our children out at a young age with violence , sex , and inappropiate material ?
Would you like to set your children up to fail ?
I know I wouldn't so why let our libraries hand out books , magazines , movies , and more to let our children thrive upon the culture they are stuck with ?
I do not think we should remove these books from our libraries because everyone has a different opinion , but I do believe that control needs to be put into place for our children's and other children's sacks .
With that being said , censorship is overrated , but some of the material at the library are underrated , and that needs to be handled and controlled