Everyone has a favorite book .
And some of us can't put it down once we read the first sentence .
Then days later , the library takes it down and states that it's offensive to many people that have read it .
Why should multiple people lose a good read just because someone doesn't like what they see ?
We 're all trying to accomadate to everyone and their needs just to please them .
Whatever they ask is done because we don't want a big scene .
A majority of people think , 'That book is offensive !
Take it down !
Disgusting ! '
.
But why ?
Everyone has a right to read what they want to read .
No library should uphold to the needs of a minority about an 'offensive ' book just because they say it's inappropriate .
Who are we to judge what's good for everyone and what's not ?
Books are written for a reason , and that's to share the ideas of the author , not to corrupt society with their 'evil ' and 'offensive ' ideas that could potentially cause a child to rebel .
That excuse is ridiculous .
A parent should 've taught their child to differentiate between right and wrong , and if they use the ' @CAPS1 child will become a rebel if they read this ! '
excuse , then they 're not confident in their childs capability , or the fact that they taught their child well .
Also , it's not just the readers getting angry , it's the author .
How bad would someone feel if they spent a year or two on a fantastic book , just to have it banned from library after library ?
Probably angry or upset .
Authors have the right to write whatever they want .
If they wish to talk about dragons and princesses , so be it .
If they want to discuss why we see a full moon when we do ?
Go right ahead .
No one can stop great books from being made and they certainly shouldn't be able to stop people from reading it .
If someone is offended by a book , then don't read it , simple as that .
Parents like to protect their children from harms way and bring them up as fine citizens of @LOCATION1 .
By having this desire , the parents do every little thing to make sure their son or daughter doesn't see , hear , or read anything inappropriate or 'bad ' .
This is just ridiculous .
Controlling a childs life will just cause them to rebel more and more as they get older .
Let children have a choice in what book they read , or the movie they watch .
Parents need to teach their children right from wrong , and in doing so , letting them see , hear , or read whatever they want should be no problem .
Without books , movies , and music , what would the world be like today ?
No one knows .
Books are a great source of information , letting the author express themself as well .
Movies are almost just as harmless , limits are needed , but overall ?
There should be no problem .
Also , music allows the artist to bring out their side of creativity and emotion .
Allowing that music , or movie , or book to be made , and then take it away is ridiculous .
If it offends someone , then that person should just forget it , instead of taking it away from the people who love it and the person who made it .