To @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @MONTH1 @CAPS3 : I am writing to you today concerning cencorship in libraries .
I have had a select few instances throughout my life where I have read a book or magazine that to some @MONTH1 seem offensive and to others not at all .
However , I do have my own view point on the situation and I feel that @CAPS2 is my duty to inform you that I feel offensive books , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves .
Everyone has grown up and been taught different values and morals that are important to them .
They stand for these values , but at the same time respect that other people have the right to believe differently than they do .
With the world the way @CAPS2 is now , violence can errupt from the simplest of things .
Putting books on public shelves for the public to read , can very easily cause outbursts and debates between people who have opposite opinions .
Offensive books and magazines put out for the public is asking for something bad to be a result .
My suggestion to you is to remove these offensive books .
This will create a safe and happy envioronment for all who visit public libraries , and other public places .
@CAPS2 will create fewer arguments between adults and set an example for younger children who are observing their parents behaviors .
Children follow in their parents ' footsteps .
Observing bad behaviors from the parents due to offensive books does not teach the child how to act in a responsible way if they were put in this postion .
When our children grow up , we want them to beahve in a responsible way .
Offensive books not being put on shelves will hopefully create a healthful environment for appropriate behavior .
As a student , I want to grow up in a world that has people who are resepectful , happy , and responsible .
I want people to get along with each other .
I feel that taking offensive books off shelves will help with this somewhat peaceful world I would like to live in .
Violence can be created through anything , and I feel that offensive books should be the last thing added to that .
Without offensive books for the public to read , will create a better environment for the people living today .