Libraries are great for multiple reasons .
A library is the place to go if you need to do research , meet with a tudor , find an interesting book to read , find that one song you 've been looking for , or pick out a new movie to rent for tonight .
However within a library there are limits toward what they offer and what you can get .
Censorship in libraries is a topic that comes up every now and then , and people will debate over whether they think censorship is a good or bad thing to have .
Personally , I think that censorship can just be more unconvienient for some .
For example , when I was in the ninth grade I was assigned to do a research paper over @ORGANIZATION1's .
However this topic turned out to be a challenge to research because the libraries I went to did not offer many books or resources over @ORGANIZATION1's because it is seen as an 'inapropriate ' or 'offensive ' topic .
Also , the librarians wouldn ' @CAPS1 let me check out some of the books because of my age .
Since they thought that I was too young to be reading that information , they weren ' @CAPS1 going to let me proceed with my research .
I think that if it's something going on in the world we live in , then it might as well be available for the public to access .
If there are people who wish to not see or hear about certain topics , then they can take it upon themsleves to avoid it .
Rather than just getting rid of it all together .
The same goes for any form of media .
If there is a @CAPS1.V .
show that you don ' @CAPS1 like , don ' @CAPS1 watch it .
If there is a song that you dislike , then don ' @CAPS1 listen to it .
It is that easy .
I know I do it all the time .
People need to take it upon themselves and understand what they can and can not handle , and then apply that to their daily lives .
When it comes to children , and censoring certain topics from them , I think that it is up to the guardians of the child to determine what is @CAPS2.K .
and not @CAPS2.K .
for them to see or hear .
Then it is the responsibility of the guardians to make sure that their rules , or guidlines , are set and the child understands what they are .
In conclusion , I think the purpose of a library is to offer information .
Any information .
Then people go to that library to find the information that they are looking for , with the wide selection the library has to offer .
I think that libraries should'nt have to feel responsible for censoring items that @MONTH1 be offensive .
It is their job to just offer information