Should books , movies , magazines etc.
, be removed from shelves if they are found offensive .
No , because all you have to do is ignore it or not pay any attention to it and it shouldn't bother you that much .
Most people might look at something and think it is interesting like something that happened on the news lately and was published on newspapers or put on the internet .
For example , the @LOCATION1 story , that has been on the news for the past week , people think that it is awesome that he is was finally found and killed .
If people found that offensive that might be because they don't know what he did or wasn't around when it happened .
If they took down stuff that was offensive then we would have nothing interesting to read .
If someone found a movie that was racist the don't get it , just put it back and find something else like a romance or a comedy .
Everybody could use a laugh every once and a while .
For music if your friend recommends something to you , check it out on the internet first to see if it is any good , if not then tell them no and that you find it offensive .
If they were a true friend then they would understand and perhaps make it up to you with something else .
Magazines , from what I know don't really have anything offensive in them .
The only thing the have a some pictures , gossip , facts , and some stories that might peak your interest .
Books might have something things that you find offensive but , if you like the book so much you might as well finish it .
If you found a book that you really like then read through it a bit or check it out on the internet to see what is about .
Out of all the books I have read , I have found none of them offensive they were all good books , books that i would probably read again if I wanted to , but I won't , because I 'm lazy .
Newspapers are interesting to read and might have little to none offensive remarks in them .
Some might pertain to blacks or mexicans , something like that .
Well I haven't read any like that yet but , I have heard somethings about it .
In the newspapers there might be little comics or gags that would probably be more offensive than anything in the newspapers .
I think that if you find something offensive then just ignore it and move on to something else instead of throwing a fit about it because that wouldn't do well at all .