The content of a library should be full of various material even if one @MONTH1 find certain materials offensive .
Just because someone @MONTH1 think a material is offensive does that mean we just ignore the subject , forgeting it altogether ?
Some subjects @MONTH1 be awkward to talk about , read about , or even think about , but that doesn't mean we should ingnore them .
One subject that @MONTH1 be awkward to read about is sexually transmitted diseases .
You often see people walking through the library skimming through the aisles , once in a while opening a book to see what it's about , but when they come to the section on sexually transmitted diseases they just walk on by , to uncomfortable to be seen in the area .
It's not a subject that people normally read for fun , but everyone should be aware of it .
There are many subjects like this that everyone should be aware even if you think it doesn't effect you .
Another reason to keep all books in the library is to be informed of history .
Some history @MONTH1 be gruesome and completely crazy , but we should be aware of those things and not forgot about them .
The @CAPS1 for example .
That was a very dark period in history .
Over six million people died becasuse just one person didn't like what they believed in .
It's sometimes hard to read about , but you should be aware of what happened in the past no matter how depressing it is .
We should be aware to prevent another event like that from happening .
People's likes in music vary .
There are so many different types and styles of music .
Some music @MONTH1 be offensive to other people , but does that mean you should get rid of it at the library ?
The library should always have a large variety of different music .
Often people would like to widen there music intellect and the library is the perfect place to do that .
Everyone is different .
We never all like the same thing .
Taking materials from the library to avoid the subject doesn't stop someone from finding that information .
If people wanted information and they couldn't find it at the library they would most likely find another way to get that information .
Having a vary in books , music , movies , and magazines make what the library is , a place to learn new things , no matter the subject .