Your watching a movie on tv that you and your friend have seen in theatres .
You both love the movie and just as it gets close to the best part , the tv skips over that part because people think that that sceen is inapropiate .
Censorship is good , but sometimes it is too strick when it comes to movies , music , and books .
Some of the movies that are popular will end up on tv for the viewers entertainment , @CAPS1 some movies have sceens that are a little inapropriate , and even though it's not that offensive , the tv compaies will cut that sceen out of it .
Also , if there is bad language in the movie , they will take that word out and replace it with another word that makes no sense with what the movie is trying to say .
Censorship tends to ruin the movies that most people love .
The tv companies even censor historical movies .
If its a historical movie , it shouldn't be censored because it takes away from the true story .
Music is another item that tends to get censored quite often .
With music , if there is a bad word , the word is just skipped over or bleeped out which makes the song sound strange .
Most songs are censored because parents don't want their children to listen to it .
I don't think music should be censored just for little kids .
If the parents don't want their children to hear those words , they shouldn't let their children listen to that kind of music .
Book tend to be censored and even banned at schools .
Not too many childrens read books anymore so if they do decide to read a book , we should let them read what they want besause reading helps the mind .
Some schools banned books becuse of inapropiate language .
That is unfair because some books are beautifully written , but children can't read them because of language .
Also , some books are censored because they are too detailed when it comes to certain scenes dealing with sex and crime .
Some books are just too good to be banned .
A lot of theings seem to be censored in this world .
We should have censorship , but it shouldn't be so stricked when it comes to movies , music , and books .