The library is meant to be a place that is filled with materials of all different genres and types .
Many of us go to the library because we are looking for something in particular , rather than just browsing .
Although some materials that people need to research at the library @MONTH1 be considered inapproproate for certain audiences , it still serves as a useful resource for others .
This @MONTH1 include getting information for a research paper , renting a movie that needs to be watched for school , or looking for a certain type of book to read .
By taking certain books , music , movies , or magazines off the shelves , we are limiting the amount of materials for people to borrow .
At many schools , students are asked to write research papers .
What is considered a valid subject for a high school research paper @MONTH1 include information that is not suitable for all groups of people .
A student @MONTH1 write a research paper on the effects a certain drug has on an individual .
Just because the student chooses this topic , does not mean that he or she supports it .
Some adults @MONTH1 say that information on drugs should not be on the shelves in a library because it @MONTH1 include material that they consider graphic , but a student looks at this material only as a resource for an educational purpose .
My freshman year we read @ORGANIZATION1 and @PERSON1 .
We also watched the movie to get a better understanding of the differences between our time periods .
There is death and violence in the movie , along with a brief flash of nudity .
Many would consider even this great literary work as a movie inappropriate .
The movie helped us to get a real life picture of how things were back then .
We were mature enough to look past the graphic scences and see the movie for what it really was .
If this move was taken off the shelf , some people wouldn't have fully understood the story because they couldn't picture it .
Sometimes , we just want a good book to read .
Many teens gravitate to the young adult section because it includes age-related material .
Many books in this section @MONTH1 include works that have a dark or graphic theme with subjects that are inappropriate for younger children .
If we eliminated books from this section because they are being censored , we will end up with even less teens that read .
Certain books provide an escape for some teens , and @MONTH1 even help them to confront or deal with problems in their own lives .
If libraries start censoring books we @MONTH1 end up with less and less readers as the years go on .
Instead of censoring the books , we should censor the people reading the books .
If a parent doesn't want a younger child to read about a certain topic , then they should keep them away from that material .
Libraries can put age approval marks on certain books to permit only certain age groups to read them .
Authors of the books should not be punished for what they choose to write about by taking their books out of the library .
No matter what a person's purpose for reading is , they should have a choice of what kind of material the book contains .