There are thousands of books in libraries , which are inapproriate and some that are .
But libraries are to learn about many things such as reading for fun , reading the newsletter , or just looking for random information .
Libraries are places that we refer to when we need to find historical moments , or about animals or anything else .
We need all books because they teach us the past , they all have a purpose , and we become more intellegent .
I believe that all books in a library have a purpose .
They @MONTH1 be offensive but they teach us many things .
For example , there are books out there that talk about the @CAPS1 .
For some people this @MONTH1 be a touchy subject and some might take it offensively , but if we didn't have those books to learn from we would make the same mistakes as we did back then .
Books can teach us so much about the past , we can learn so many things from books then anywhere else in the world .
I also think that all books have a purpose to them .
whether they are fiction or nonfiction .
You @MONTH1 ask 'how do fiction books have purpose ? '
@CAPS2 , fiction books have a purpose because they teach us to really use our imagination , quite a bit of books make us relieze that the struggles of a character can be the same struggles of someone in real life .
And the most important reason is because fiction books not only catch our attention , but they also catch our childrens attention .
Fiction books are the first books children know how to read , this is where they start their reading skills .
My last reason for why I don't think 'offensive ' books shouldn't be removed from shelves is because all books make us more intellegent .
We learn so much information from all sorts of books .
Another example would be , that @CAPS3 books could be 'offensive ' as @CAPS2 , but if we didn't have them we would not have intellegent doctors .
My final reason why I disagree with books being removed if they aren't suited for everyone is that someone that wants to learn something wouldn't be able to because what they want to learn could be offensive to others .
What I mean by this is that we would pretty much be telling that person that they are not able to learn something new because others think it's offensive .
Every human being has a different outlook on something that could be offensive or could not .
But why should we remove books , magazines , movies , etc from shelves ?
Just because we don't like it doesn't mean we have to remove it .
Everyone has different taste , we wont ever agree on anything .
But removing books from shelves isn't fair to anyone .
Yes , they @MONTH1 be unsuited for others but when we don't like some thing don't we just move along to something we do like ?
Yes we do , so we should do the same thing with books