Libraries @CAPS1't Remove Books @CAPS2 i would like to start off this story by stating i don't believe that libraries should remove books if they are offensive .
If a book is offensive thats not a reason to take it off the shelves we watch movies in school today showing the past when @LOCATION1 had slaves .
I myself don't believe it is fair to show a movie in school about slavery but we cant have a book that doesnt actually show anything to us just tells us whats going on .
In my eyes a book is less harmless then wating a show on the subject .
A movie can show alot more detail in it then a book can so i say let the books stay where they are .
Don't try to shut down a author beacuse you dont like what they wrote their might be more meaning in the book then you can see .
Just keep reading you never know how the story might go on .
Just like dont judge a book by its cover .
We @CAPS1't take away a book someone might like .
Someone might hate the book but beacuse they hate it would you quit reading it ?
I don't believe it is right to remove something beacuse someone might not like what is it saying .
i myslef see alot of things i don like everyday but i do not try getting everything changed .
This is life as i know it there is alot of offencive people in this world and it wont change anytime soon not for me or anyone .
Unless they make a law against being offencive .
I can see someone in a band saying something offencive about someone but we cant not sell his cd's beacuse someone might like what he said in that song .
Or i dont like alot of shows and or movies on tv but i dont try to get the station shut down i just change the channel .
As should lets say someone in a book store sees a offencive book they should just look away .
Not go and try to get it shut down .
All i can really say tho is that i couldnt tell you what i would do beacuse i dont read very many books so i dont see them being offencive .
So i can not tell you i wouldnt be mad but i still would just put the book down and not touch it again .