For as long as people can remember books have been banned for various reasons .
Whether it be a time of war or a religious restriction , it is always viewed as a negative thing and therefore should be no different today .
Though it @MONTH1 be a bit less extreme , books or content such as movies , music , or magazines should not be removed from library shelves based on someone else's opinion .
It is a right to be able to obtain the information theses materials offer .
No material should ever be removed from a public library based on censorship .
Some @MONTH1 argue that certain material @MONTH1 be offensive to other groups of people , but who is it to judge how another feels .
Material is written or made to show the feelings of the author and how they want thier feelings or knowledge portrayed .
The author is merely taking advantage of their freedom of speech .
It is at the responsibility of the public to how they use the information they receive .
It is still a piece of history and was recorded for a reason .
Religion is always a hot point when it comes to censorship , but is that not in our constitution .
Freedom of religion includes how we interpret and study our religions .
Most have holy books and writings .
Many express their religion by means of music and culture .
It is a right for the public to be able to access this material .
There are some rare situations when restrictions @MONTH1 need to be upheld but merely based on age .
This however doesn't restrict the public , but offers parents the right to censor what information their children are able to get ahold of .
An age limit on specific types of material could be added in the cases of sexual content , vulgar images , or distrubing content unsuitable for children .
This way information is never censored completely .
It is never right to tell people what they can or can not know .
It is a part of the very structure of our country to allow all information to be shared freely .
Censorhip of these materials is not and never will be the answer .
Although , age restrictions @MONTH1 be an answer for younger citizens these materials aren't taken away from the public .
Whatever it @MONTH1 be called , book banning or censorship , it is a negative thing and should not be a part of our public library systems .