Should there be censorship in libraries ?
People think that there should be and some think it shouldn't matter .
I think there shouldn't be because maybe some people like those books .
I have three reasons why there shouldn't be censorship .
My reasons are first people like certain books and should be able to get what ever they want .
Second , the libraries should be able to put what ever they want on the shelfs .
Third , if you don't like what the books say then don't get the book .
Libraries have many books for you to choose from and you can pick which book you want to check out .
Libraries don't need to censor their books because some people might want books like that .
Everybody has there own preference on the kinds of books and music that they like .
Censorship wouldn't allow them to get what they want which would make them mad .
There is all kinds of genres of books and music around , some have more strong language in them then other genres .
Some people like their music uncensored and should be able to get it .
Libraries and entertainment stores are the ones who buy the books and music not you .
Libraries have the freedom to get what ever books they want to and put them on shelves .
If you don't like what certain books or music say then go get something you do like .
There is no rule that says you have to get a certain kind of music .
Some people like the music genre called rap which does have some strong language in it but its your choice to listen to it .
the stores just put the products on the shelf to make money not to get you angry about what the products say .
There are sections on the shelves that say what genre they are .
People that want to say something about what the language is like in the book should not have checked it out .
You have the right to ask what certain music , books , or movies are like , and movies have ratings on the case .
Music and movies have ratings which tell you how strong the language is on the cases .
People can not say to monitor that when it tells you everything thats in the movie or @CAPS1 .
The libraires and stores usually mark the sections on what genre they are .
That can tell you where the uncensored parts are .
You can stay away from those sections if you find them offensive .
The libraries should not have to censor there books and entertainment store should not need to censor all the music and movies .
Its your choice what to get not theirs .
People can stay away from those areas that they find offensive .
Everybody should be able to get what they want even if it might offend others .