Books , movies , magazines , music , and most of all , life .
We all know whats wrong , and what's right .
Every school is different .
Some schools have limits on their books , such as if you 're two years old , and reading something like @PERSON1 , then that's gon na be inappropriate .
If you 're sixteen and reading a @PERSON2 book , then that's too inappropriate for their age limit .
Every age is different , so your not going to find some forty-three year old hobo on the streets reading , ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS1 ' by @PERSON2 .
Most likely , he 'll be reading a mystery book , or something appropriate for his age not for someone that's five .
Books shouldn't be banned because some elementary mother doesn't want her seven year old reading ' @CAPS4 ' .
Just because some mothers want it banned , doesn't mean it should be .
Be smarter and watch what your kids are reading , it shouldn't have to be banned from other children just because you don't want your kid reading it .
Don't we all agree that music is life ?
Not everyone has to listen to rap , nor do they have to listen to opera .
Don't you see that we have musical artist in the world that depend on music ?
So why should rap be banned just because it talks about killing , drugs , and drinking .
I say who cares ?
Don't listen to it if you don't like it , it doesn't mean you have to ruin it for everyone else .
I love all kinds of music , so nothing should be banned .
In my opinion I hate christian songs , I think they 're too slow , and constantly talking about @CAPS5 , but that doesn't mean I should ruin it for everyone else , just because I hate it .
Everyone is different , no one is the same .
Music helps me gets through life , and I know it helps you get through yours too , it shouldn't be banned .
Movies , movies , movies !
Video games , video games , video games !
We all love cuddling and watching movies together , but not all movies are right for us .
Movies have ratings like video games do .
Ratings show what's appropriate for a twelve year old verses a twenty-five year old .
Adults would most likely be playing a rated @CAPS6 game , and watching rated @CAPS7 movies .
Little kids about the age of six would be playing rated @CAPS8 games , and watching rated @CAPS9 movies .
As you can see everyone is different especially when it comes to these things .
Rated @CAPS7 movies usually have gore , sexual themes , strong language , and things little kids should never watch .
It doesn't mean it should be banned , maybe blocked in your home , but not banned .
In my opinion , I think all movies , books , music , video games , etc.
, shouldn't be banned .
It just should all be carefully watched to see who's hands it lands into , and who's eyes are viewing it .
We should be responsible enough to pick out the material for ourselves .
No one should tell me what not to read or watch : unless I am a youth .
Then material should be suppervised by my parents .