Censorship in libraries ?
That could be a good and a bad thing .
Is it really that big of a deal for kids to see some bad things in books ?
Will authors remove their books from libraries ?
Censorship in Libraries is not as needed as most people think .
Children now a days know a lot of things and are intelligent about certain subjects .
I understand parents dont want their children to read books containing drugs , @CAPS1 , sex , etc .
Their going to have to learn about it sometime in their life though .
They might as well get ahead start on it now .
Young children most of the time are not even interested in going to those kinds of books anyway .
If you censor all the books in the libraries then some students would be in trouble on projects they @MONTH1 need those kinds of books for .
Say I needed a book on ' @CAPS1 ' for a project im doing in @CAPS2 class .
If the books are censored then I would have no sources to get information from .
On the other hand , I can see why adults would want the books censored .
No parent wants their child coming home from school talking about sex , and drugs they saw in a book at school .
If I was a parent I would be concerned myself .
If it's that big of a deal to some adults then what are they going to do when their children see the same stuff only worse on t.v .
Commercials about condoms , and advertisements telling them to use drugs/ @CAPS1 .
Atleast with books , the book is teaching you about the drug and how dangerous it is for you .
If one author takes their book off the shelf because they don't want children reading it , then that gives all authors to do the same .
Which could mean that we would have no books on the shelves for anybody .
Books are a key to learning !
We need to keep ALL books in the libraries no matter how explicit they are .
Parents should sit down and talk with their children about not picking up those kinds of books if they don't want their child reading them .
Yes , I have seen people pick those books up and start making jokes about them , but thats what children do when their immature .
You have to expect that from kids now a days .
No matter how bad they are their informational books and we need them to learn