NO , I do not think that books , music , magizines and etc .
should be removed from the shelves if found offensive .
Books help people in many ways .
Music helps people find their activity in many ways .
Also magizines helps people do things thats meant to be done .
The reason I said books help people is because it furthers one knowledge to understand things better .
It also hepls one vocabulary more stronger than it once was .
Last but not least it helps people become more focused and when saying that I mean that it makes you understand how to be focused on the main idea and the whole concept of the book .
When people read and they don't understand what they are reading , they look further to try and understand the words they misunderstood which is good because you will learn alot more then you thought you did .
Music is also a very good thing to use because it make people calm when they have had an long stressful day at work , school , doctor , or etc .
Music also helps you look into your creativity which means you want to do more things such as dance , sing , or some even start to paint .
When im tired and I have had a long day , I like to go home and lay down and listen to music and that is because I feel relaxed and more calmer .
Last but not least , magizines .
Magizines gives you alot of information that one @MONTH1 be seeking for .
Just say that you were looking for a recipe and you don't have an computer and you have magizines , you can look and a magizine and see when was this recipe effective and by whom it was wrote .
Also if you were to want to order some things such as shoes , clothes , perfume fragrances , lotions and some even order house hold things if needed .
When I look in a magizine , I like to order shoes or even just compare the prices of something store bought or the magizine price .
There are many different things you can look foward to when looking in a magizine .
So take my advive and try it because sometimes what your ' e looking for can be right in your library .
With all that being sad books , music , and magizines can be very helpful to you and any body else .
Books are very helpful when it comes to essays or etc .
Music is very useful when youv ' e had a long day at your place of buisness or etc .
Magizines are very self explanatory when it comes to food , clothing , shoes , topics , essays , cars , houses or etc .
When you have a question or a concern or maybe even a doubt you can go to your nearest own personal library and borrow or read a book , magizine or listen to a little music .
All these things can be helpful and all you have to do is take in it and take advantage of free information that is given to you .
All of these things can help you in a way