Censorship seems like a great idea at first thought !
It allows parents to have their children closely monitored without actually monitoring them .
Consequently , censorship in libraries creates the possibilty for every book ever written to be removed from shelves around the world .
There are multiple things wrong with the idea of censorship .
It creates objections due to differences in opinions and autors being completely and uterly offended .
Censorship is a disgrace and should not be forced in libraries .
People have different criteria when it comes to deciding a level of offensiveness .
For intsense , if a fifty-year-old @CAPS1 female read a violent book with some curse words and sexual content she might think that it was offensive .
Likewise , if a twenty-one-year-old , careless male read the exact same book he would probably enjoy its content .
This defference in opinion poses as a huge problem in allowing libraries to censor their selecion .
I feel that it would be unfair to remove books that some audiences would enjoy .
Instead of completely banning some texts , why not move them to another section of the library ?
Libraries could take some time to separate the books into categories and the books that they feel are offensive could go into a separate section of the library .
This section could be as simple a separate shelf , or could go to the extreme of a separate room or area closed in by a curtain .
Either way , completely getting rid of books because of their content is a terrible idea .
Authors could potentially lose money from the action of censorship .
They put in numberous hours and a lot of effort to write books and novels .
Some spend years trying to perfect their masterpieces .
Magazines and movies provide the same amount of time , but they also aquire an unimagineable amount of money .
If these authors , directors , and producers have their specific product taken off of the shelves it would be offensive to them .
They could have a decrease in sales which would cause a decrease in money as well .
The idea is simply unfair .
Librarians have the right to display the content of which they choose , but making them remove products that they feel are fine is ridiculous .
I think that censorship is a terrible idea .
If anything should be banned from a library it should be censorship itself !