Have you ever seen a crazy person walking around saying odd or unique theories ?
Everybody is different and have their own opinion about what they think is right .
It is alright to have different beleifs but that shouldnt mean people shouldnt seek to understand others .
I beleive that the censorship in libraries is very important but that people need to seek to understand each other more , not be so stubborn , and look at different perspectives so that people can get along easier .
Many different materials are found in libraries and some of them are more censored than others .
Many times the reason that the books or magazines are censored is because they portray strong ideas and theories .
People have the right to speech so they should be able to show others what they beleive , but they need to make sure that showing what they know is not hurting anyone else .
Explicit movies and music are very bad with seeking to understand .
They are good because of the rating systems but still are very ignorant to others .
Many people just simply take the ideas of others the wrong way .
People have trouble looking at things in different perspectives and because of it they can cause trouble .
If people would seek to understand more , then the conflicts of different beleifs would not be as common .
When people have different perspectives , they can be more knowledgable of various opionions .
Some people are just stubborn .
They choose to only beleive their ideas and refuse to listen to anyone else's .
Being stubborn is the opposite of seeking to understand .
If people were less stubborn , they could see more perspectives and become more aware of how others felt .
When people are stubborn , it can be very hard for others to deal with or for them to get along well with others .
In conlusion I do think censorship is important but I think that the reasons why we censor things are equally important as well .
If people were more understanding of others , then we could have more censorship for the things that agrivate other people .
We would also have less censorship for people who only try to spread there ideas .
If people sought to understand , ; ooked for different perspectives , and were not so stubborn , then they would get along much better