I understand how some people @MONTH1 get offended by some things they @MONTH1 watch or they might read but that doesn't mean that other people shouldn't be able to know about it because one person doesn't like it .
It's kind of a matter of opinion of whether it is offensive or not .
I myself have never really read or watched anything that was completely uncalled for .
On just about every movie or music album that is produced they rate it so that you can know who should be watching this movie and who shouldn't .
If the movie was made with somekind of offensive parts to it then they put with the rating that yes , their is some rude language and things like that .
So just because somebody didn't read close enough to see that their might be something they don't like in the movie shouldn't cause everyone else to not be able to see that particular movie .
Personally I don't find books to be the greatest things but I am sure of that some books or magazines do tend to have something rude or crude in them but it's not always horrible .
If someone thinks that the book @MONTH1 be inapproiate for some readers then they could tell a person in charge in the library that maybe they should only be letting certain people be reading that book because of the content .
You shouldn't have to throw a book off a shelf because one or two people thought bad about it .
If it was me choosing whether or not to take movies , books , magazines , etc off of the shelfs I wouldn't .
I say this because @PERCENT1 of the time things have been rated or in someway approved to be put on general store shelfs .
People can simply read details on the back and see that it's not going to bother them in a way or that it could be offensive and they shouldn't be purchasing .
If someone complained about a new cd or movie that I personally wanted to see or listen to and it was taken off shelfs I would be upset about it because it probley wouldn't even offened me at all .
So no , i completely disagree with the idea of movies or books and music having to stop sales because two or three people were offended by it's content