I believe that certain materials such as books , music , movies etc .
should not be removed if they are found offensive .
The library has different sections for different groups like the yound @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 section , easy children or picture and @CAPS1 .
Young @CAPS1 or the @CAPS2 section is for mainly the teens .
They have books that a teen who normally read .
The @CAPS2 section has music which teens listen to .
For @CAPS4 they have the twlight soundtrack .
This section does not have any explicit language.The teens who go into the library actually enjoy the select of books offered to them.It has everything most teens like to read about .
There is nothing offensive in this section and it should not be removed .
There is also a childrens section called the easy or picture book section .
This section are for the younger children .
Children that are not in school or in the early stages of school .
The books , music an movies in this section are cartoons an animals .
Things that children would like to read , listen or watch about .
For @CAPS4 this section has movies like strawberry shortcake , athur , even lilo and stitch .
eveything in this section is made for children there is not one thing in this section where the child or parent who think is offensive .
The library has a section for adults .
The @CAPS1 section is there to catch adults eye .
It a separate fom the @CAPS2 and Children sections .
It is located at the other end of the library .
If there is an @CAPS1 who thinks that something is offensive they have the right to talk to someone who works at the library .
Most adults do not have a problem with the items in thier section .
The library keeps the adults section with things that adults would want to look for .
It would not have something little children would want .
The entire library is split up into different sections .
It is easy for the children to look at books for them and for adults to do the same .
There are only a few that I named but every age group has a specific spot at the library .
If there is something found offensive to the people I dont think it should be removed because it might just be in the wrong section .
The library takes great precaution to the censorship of their books , movies music etc