Everywhere one goes , something is being kept from them .
It is either to keep them safe , pure , or happy .
In the everyday world people who break the law are put into jails and prisons .
Not only is it a punishment for them , but it is also to keep them away from other people .
This is much like how our libraries are becoming .
Books that have questionable content are being thrown out .
I do not believe that this should be done .
Books are here to enlighten people and let them experience something they never would have been able to on their own .
People should be able to choose what they @CAPS5 and if it offends them they can choose by theirselves to stop reading that book .
Many times I have learned new things from books that @MONTH1 not have been appropriate for my age , but it taught me a valuable lesson .
For example , I @CAPS5 a book about a teenage girl engaging in sexual relations , she became pregnant and it ruined her life .
From this , at the age of ten years old , I learned that I do not want that to happen to me , so I am abstaining from adult relations until I am married .
Of course the libraries should be seperated into different categories such as : @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 , @CAPS3 , @CAPS4 , and @CAPS5 at Your Own @CAPS6 .
Also , the same with magazines and music .
That way , a person could go to a specific section and know what to expect from there .
This is much like the movie ratings , a mother can pick up a movie and see that it is rated @CAPS7 and know that it is exceptable for her nine-year old to watch , except possibly save for a few curse words , but a child hears that in their everyday life anyways , wether the parent knows it or not .
In conclusion , I believe that literature should not be censored from the people .
However , it should be categorized so a person could have an idea of what age group it would be most appropriate for .
People have the right to choose what books they @CAPS5 and what they @CAPS5 about .
Everyone can learn a valuable lesson from any book , it just depends on how they interprate it .