I belive that certain materials should not be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive .
The main reason I say that is becuase there are not just postive things in this world , but there are alot of negitves also .
It is very important for children to learn and understand the things that are going on in the world they live in reguardless if they are good or bad .
Everyone is going to have to learn about the things going on around them sooner or later , so it is better to find it out as a child rather then later on in life when you might not have someone there to explain it all to you .
I understand , there are some age limits that should be inforced becuase of some of the fowl nature of them .
Though at some point and time before a child becomes an adult they should know most of the basics of life no matter how positive or negitive .
Children should not be shelter at a young age to just young adult things because they need to know what else is out there in the world .
For example , children should be taught that there really are bad people in the world .
If they dont understand that something bad could happen to them beucase they did not know the dangers around them because they never learned it .
When I was younger it was required to know other people out side of your race or religion beucase not just your race or religon is in this world .
Also we learned the diffrence between good and bad choices .
If us children did not learn that at an early age many of them would be in some very rough situations today .
On the other hand there is an extent the children need to learn also .
For example , say you buy a video game for your child , but make sure you inforce to them that killing and shooting is not something that they should be doing out in the real world .
Make sure you teach them the diffrence between really and fakeness .
That is a main reason why kids today do not have self control becuase of the things they learn off of video games .
Now a days on @CAPS1 there are people being preasured by the media to act out of there charater just to get attation .
They are publicsizing sexual and inapproprate things for child to be learning about at a young age , but they need to be aware that its out there and it is bad .
In magazines they will destorte famous peoples bodies to make them look like something they are not to make people feel like they are not good enough .
Children sould be taught that not eveything they see , hear , and read are not always right or true .
With todays media and materials it is easy to know the diffrence between right and wrong , but they put it out there as if one person is doing it it is ok for everyone to be doing it .
In most cases it is not until that person understand all of the facts about it and can make rashanal dessicions on there own and on there own time .
Children now a days will get presured by media , magazines , and sometimes by peers .
The media is telling them to do something that is not neccessarliy right , but is popular .
You should not teach you children off of things like that it will make them want to do things without thinking or considering what is really going on .
With todays magazines , the writers will make people look like something they really are not just to make them look good .
That is not fair to readers , the person that is being expoused , or the author themself .
Finally , with peer pressure today kids will see something off of television and try it then try and get there friends to do it even though they know it is not the right thing to do .
I belive that children , when they are faced with delimia's like these , should know right from wrong with the trouble they are faceing .
If they know nothing about it they need to walk away or learn how to say no reguardless of how hard it might be .
In conclusion , I believe that the children now a days that are exposed to any type of offensive things should know the meaning behind it .
Also they should know the right ways to haddle it when they are put in certain situations .
Lastly , I believe kids should know what is going on around them so when they grow up they know how to fend for themselves , and not be counting on someone else to tell them baisc things that are going on in the world around them .