In @DATE1 , there are many rap/hip-hop artists .
They all sing about gangs , narcotics , alcohol , and using women for favors .
@DATE1 is something that our children should not be exposed to at such a young age .
There are children that know the words to alot of the rap songs out there .
The parenting skills of some parents also reflect on if the children learn the words or not .
I understand that children have to be exposed to some things in life .
There are other genres of music that deal with all of the things i listed above .
I dont think that it is right though for young children to learn about these things .
How would you feel if your child came up to you asking what drugs are ?
Or what alcohol is ?
I also understand that we should let our kids get a little taste of the real world to see what it is like for themselves but that can only go to a certain extent .
After that extent , the kids would be learning too much at such a young age .
In my personal opinion , we could let our children listen to an edited version of the songs or even chose a different genre that doesnt use those such topcis as much .
Country music for example is very peaceful to me .
I suggest that people listen to it because it is very realistic in ways .
I also understand that rap music can be realistic in ways too .
Everyone has a different outlook on what kind of music children should be allowed to listne to .
I will sometimes listen to rap music but i would never allow my kids to listen to the uncensored version .
Magazines also have alot to do with why children are so 'street ' smart these days .
Magazines can put false information out so people will believe it .
Magazine companies put revealing pictures of people on the front cover to catch someones attention .
It works most of the time and children also see that .
They are young and nieve so they will do what they see someone else do .
That includes looking at the magazines with good looking men or women on them .
Another subject is the movies that are coming out in @DATE1 world .
Movies can reveal whatever they want .
Normally the movies that are inappropiate for children are rated @ORGANIZATION1 will find a way to see @DATE1 stuff .
A child could be on the internet and something accidentally pops up .
All of the advertisements on the side of the computer screen are viruses just waiting for children to click on it unintentionally .
These are my strong opinions on what we should do with todays society .
We need to try and watch what our children are listening to and watching .
I know that we cant watch their every move but we can do our best to watch what they are doing when they are in close watch .
Thank you for your time !