Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us ' .
Although I understand her message , I don't completely agree with it .
I believe most things such as books , music , magazines , etc .
should be censored in some cases .
One reason why I think there should be censorship is because of minors that @MONTH1 want to see things that @MONTH1 not be suitable for them .
First of all , children often follow after what they see .
For example , adutly trends that they see on the television .
Not all things adults do are not appropriate for the young eyes.That's why I consider that the things that are broadcast should be censored .
Children are being influenced by things that they see , read and/or listen to .
Another reason why I believe there should be censorship is because of a lot of very explicit action that appears in today's movies , books , magazines , and music .
Violence is a main topic in newspaper articles .
For instance , most front page content is about the wars and hostility in the world .
It is hard to believe that we ever had a peaceful day without any violence .
Disrespectful acts , cussing , and rude gestures are not a positive way to keep a more mature role going that will make a better environment .
Because libraries are public , they are open to all eyes so we must be careful about what we allow on their shelves .
In addition , censoring is the correct thing to do .
Where would it lead us if we don't ?
Do we want our society to be badly influenced by a bunch of profanity , violent slogans , or jargon ?
Shouldn't we all want to be treated with respect and common courtesy and avoid promoting outrageous movies , music , and books on the shelves of our public libraries for everyone to see .
So now you can see why I believe that such things like books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
should have some type of censorship .
We don't want all the disrespect in the country , so why make it available in our public libraries ?
Keep these things separate : adult books , magazine , movies , music , etc .