Dear @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 are many books , music , and magazines that are saturated with offensive words or obscene themes .
However , just because a book or song contains an foul word does not mean that the book needs to be sheltered from the public's eyes .
@CAPS2 are many reasons we should not censor public media .
We can not ignore wrongdoings happening in our world ; plus , in @LOCATION1 , we have the freedom of speech ; and , finally , if media was censored , people @MONTH1 start to think every little word has an offensive connotation .
If a bystander observes a person being abused in a hallway or alley , the bystander just can not pretend like the incident never happened .
If the world never reported accidents , @CAPS2 would be too much crime and terror .
Sometimes , a book or movie is like a cry for help or a way to raise awareness about some wrongdoing in the world today .
Most of the time , I only hear about an event through movies or books , and I want to know the honest story , not a fairytale version of it .
After all , if the language in some slavery books was not as vivid as it is , some people @MONTH1 not oppose slavery as strongly as they do .
Here in @LOCATION1 , we have the freedom of speech .
We are allowed to give our opinions on any topic , and describe it in any way .
We should be permitted to say anything we want , even though in our hearts , we should know what is right and wrong .
People should at least be trusted enough to use their own conscience .
Also , another reason why books and other media should not be censored is because people @MONTH1 judge almost every little word offensive then .
Then we @MONTH1 have 'no books left on the shelf ' according to Katherine Paterson .
Once people are allowed to censure books or other media , they would look for words with negative connotations .
If a word was close to being offensive in one person's perspective , it would be left out .
Then , many words would be gone .
Sure some types of media , especially songs and movies , just spill out nasty themes and foul language .
However , I have the choice to watch a movie or listen to a song .
I can always change the radio station if I do not like what I am hearing .
People however , just can not remove the words of another right from their mouth , no matter how bad it is .
We just can not pretend that we all live in a perfect world where everyone is polite and caring .
If we hear about something wrong in our world today , we need to act .
However , we might not act if we do not know the full extent of its terror .
Sincerely , @PERSON2