Everyone likes to watch movies , jam to some music , and get lost in an interesting book .
Therefore everyone should be able to read , watch , or listen to what they want and the same things as other people are reading , listening to , and watching .
Some things are needed to look up or look at if one is doing a project .
Other people just @MONTH1 be entertained by certain peices of liturature , or music .
In that case , why censor certain things that people are interested in , or even things to research , in libraries ?
Many people enjoy violent writing or gorey movies .
Reading these things also amusses them .
So why take away what they like ?
If a library takes certain books off of their shelves , then they could be taking away a type of literature that people are interested in .
If one removes a book that twenty people take pleasure in reading , then thats twenty people that are not going to want to read anything else .
People are different in many ways .
That includes the variety of things humans are interested in .
For example , things they are interested to read .
Humans having a major differences in characteristics , meaning they don't enjoy all the same things .
The articles , magazines , or movies @MONTH1 be not suited for schools or libraries , but if it's a topic people like , or if it's someone needs for a project , then there is no reason to get rid of it .
Some books offten offend certain groups or races of people , but the book gets it uniqueness from what it says .
Some books are writen in times of racisim .
This shuold'nt make a book worth critisizing because that was the way things were said in that time .
It allows the book to give off a feeling of living in the time is based in .
On the other hand , some magazines are writen about horrible events and wars , but people find entertainment in reading about these events going on in the world .
They want to know what is really happening across seas or even around home .
Someone isn't able to know what's happening is no one lets him or her read the magazine .
Authors and writers write these things for the entertainment of people who want to read them .
Due to the wide veriety of interest people have , there are many different types of writings .
People should'nt have their favorite book taken off shelves just to see that the guy right next to him found the book he loves .
That just would'nt be fare .
Libraries should put on the shelf what people write , so that others @MONTH1 enjoy them .