When you go to a library you think its going to be a place that is a good influence .
Your not thinking when you send your kids their that there's going to be bad things .
Most people go the the library to study or use the computers ...
But what about the other people ?
I went to the library and saw racest books most adults would find that offensive especially if its an afracan american .
The thing is that people would also go there and check the books out to sutdy about the old times it's not there to offend people .
Some books are very infromational and people need to study and learn about the past so that it doesnt happen again .
Another peroblem most people have is with the adult books parents defantly dont want their children looking or checking thoughs books out .
But when noone stops them from checking the books out there really is not anything you can do about it .
I believe that libraries should have an age limit for checking out certen books .
The last thing is the music it has bad language in it and kid can just check them out with out even trying hard .
Most parants the to sheild their kids so they will be good and not use dirty language but when the and go to a comunity plase and just listen to anything that causes a peopblem .
Personially I think that it gives the library a bad name and therefore that get little business .
You know that if you were a parent you really wouldn't want your kids grabbing racest , adult books , and music and you would like for the government to take some the books and music out of the library .
I believe that their should be a vote to see if we could have thoughs books amd music removed or atleast put in an adult section in the back .
My main point of this essay is that they either need to have voting for what goes into the library or they need to start censioring the books and @CAPS1's they put in the library and make accessalble to the comunity .
The up side to doing that is the library would get mor customers and that means the government would make more money