'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .. ' said by Katherine Paterson .
Books are used to entertain and even teach readers in certain aspects of life .
Not exactly all books are offensive but some are .
Those who are , should be taken off the shelfs , especially if it is in a school library .
Children could take that offensive or violent book into action .
Other children could show the book to other peers .
And also , children can get very offended .
Now should offensive books be taken off the shelfs ?
Children nowadays are being motivated alot .
Whether it's through television shows , video games , or even music .
On the news , there has been reports about children being influenced to have a gun and hang themselves , etc .
Books are meant to entertain readers in a good way and not teach them to become a violent person .
Some readers who read such things can turn those words into action .
Then the student could be in trouble .
And people really wouldn't want that .
Children have a tendency of showing off to friends .
If a student sees something offensive or violent on a book , there is a big chance that they will show it to their peers .
Just because children think it's cool .
Having one person read this could be a problem , now imagine having more than just one , a whole clique seeing this .
It could end up in a huge problem , not only for the children and their parents , but also for the school .
The children learning these new things from the book can cause the children to use everyday and make it popular .
The school can have a bad image from the students .
Passing on the information can become a conflict , and people certainly do no want that .
School is not only a teaching building , but also a social place .
There are cliques in every school .
Within the each person there is a different color , religion , style , and personalities .
Children can be easily hurt .
If books are being offensive , it can just easily hurt anyone reading that book .
Once again , books are meant to entertain readers and not to hurt them .
So why even have authors write something offensive in their books ?
Maybe authors feel the need to add interest in the book and suspense , but not all readers would take it easily .
Hurting people isn't a fun thing to do , and people certainly do not want to do that .
So why have offensive books in shelfs ?
These books can cause children to use it in action , to show it off to other peers , and to hurt them as well .
Children nowadays have it hard on themselves , why make it harder .
Books are meant to entertain readers , why not just do that .
So yes , take the offensive books off and there will be no problems .