If a people want to remove books , movies , music , magazines , and exetra then they will if they feel it is offensive to others .
I wish they would not , but they feel the need to take things off the shelves if so .
They feel that if someone can find some kind of offensive thing then they will feel it is okay to say or do thoughs things that they read or hear .
It also commine sence to not do thoughs things that people wrote about .
The auther's wright things to intertane and to egicate us about things that where okay in the time peroid that the story in this case was okay back then .
Most people these day take things way to serous now mostly because we have things like lawsuits and dercrimation .
If someone can find something to complane about they will do so .
if there is a book out there that is about back in the day when @CAPS1's had slave's and if there calling them a name that is not very nice .
Then someone and complain and say that it is rashal and there will be a disbute about it and the auther will most likely loose and have to change that word into something els .
People do not relise how much this happens it happens a lot expeshally with books .
Movies are a whole different thing now the things that happen on the movies get away with it mostly because they have money to get away with .
There is a reason why things are @CAPS9 @CAPS2 , @CAPS2 @NUM1 , and @CAPS4 .
@CAPS2 is for children under the age @NUM1 .
There are serten things that can be in though's movies .
@CAPS2 @NUM1 there can be a lot more things it can be scarry to an extent and there also sometimes sexual things , but they do not show the whole thing .
There also can be villons and some swaring not a lot though .
@CAPS9 @CAPS4 that's a whole new level they can have anything they really want and its a little more than @CAPS2 @NUM1 they kind of have a little more graphic than @CAPS2 @NUM1 .
Sometimes they have to choose between @CAPS2 @NUM1 and @CAPS9 @CAPS4 it depends on how graphic things are .
Music is a whole other thing depending on what kind of music you are lissening to like theres @CAPS11 , @CAPS4 & @CAPS13 , @CAPS14 @CAPS15 , @CAPS16 , @ORGANIZATION1 , @CAPS17 , and exedra .
with all thoughs they talk about sex and volints .
Now all of them excepent contry talk about drugs and @ORGANIZATION1 talks about @ORGANIZATION1 .
There are some that talks about more things , but most of them thats what they talk about .
If perents do not want there childeren lissening to it then they do not lissen .
there are ways of still lissening to it .
most radio stations they can not swre on the radio , but they just cut it out .
there are ways to have the uncut version , but thats on a @CAPS18 , @CAPS19 , or @CAPS20 @NUM7 player .
There are ways to get around it .
See i think that it is dumb to take things like that away mostly , because they are going to see or hear about it someday anyways expeshally when they are in high school .
Most teens do things with out there parents knowing and when they start driving they can lissen to whatever they want .
Also they can read anything they want too , because they can buy the book and read it and hid it .
Face it kids even younger find ways to do things that their parents do not want them to do .
Matter what age they are they find ways to do what they want if they want it bad enoff .
I think if a school wants to read something than they should have to have parents exent about it and if the kids can not read it than they can do something els insted or read something els .
Do not take thing off the shelve just , because a couple of students can read or watch it .
Your spoilling it for the kids that want to and can it is really unfair to the rest of the students they can not hepl it that there parents wont let them .
If the parents won't then try to talk to them and tell them about it help them understand .
Also people should have to watch what they do just because theres a kid the parent should leave them with a babysiter or something .