Books That Are Offensive @CAPS1 view point is that books should not be taken off the shelfs if taken offensive to one person .
Sometimes people get help from books that are offensive to others because somebody is doing something wrong and the book @MONTH1 help the other person .
Everybody should be able to read a book if they want in a library .
In a library everybody should have the right to read every book .
The idea of taking a book off the shelf is a bad because people want to read books like that .
Some people have a problem with that type of book but if they don't like it then tell people not to read it not take it off the shelf .
If anything put it in a different area or just move it put all that type of book in one area not mixed in .
When people need help they read a book or look it up .
So if the book is offensive but can help somebody with problems then don't even move it .
People do have a reason to read books that are offensive .
We don't know all of the reasons but there are alot of them .
If a movie is not good for children or just very horid it @MONTH1 need to be put in a place where nobody will look .
Kids and grown ups are the same and nobody needs to see a movie if it is really bad .
Usually when somebody takes something offensive they are guilty of something and know they are but will not admit it .
People think other people write things that are just offensive on purpose , but they don't they write it and somebody is guilty if something and can not live up to it .
Sometimes just the reading is read wrong and misunderstood .
Everybody has had a book that they thought was offensive but then the next person read it and they might think it is funny .
The biggest problem is some people can't read .
then some people read so fast they do not comprehend it correctly .
I don't feel like them certain materials should be taken off the shelf if found offensive because that person @MONTH1 be feeling guilty of something .
If the materials should be moved they should just be moved to a different area not off of the shelves totally .
If it is taken offensive they should tell the librarian and then if very many more people say it is offensive then it can be taken off the shelf .