The belief of certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from shelves if they are offensive , depends on the situation the material is relating to .
If one wants to see these type of resources , then he/she must be mature enough to withstand it .
It all depends on where the material is at in the library and what situation it's in .
If it is in the children's area , I highly suggest that it should be removed from there , since it's clear that a child should not process this type of information .
If it's in the teen section , then the person must be mature enough to take this sort of inappropriate matter or just leave it be .
In the adult section however , there should be no argument of any sort because it is obvious that the person must be fully mature to take in this sort of material .
One example on why this sort of aspect on whether or not inappropriate material should be removed are the comic books called ' @CAPS1 tales ' or ' @CAPS2 the @ORGANIZATION1 ' .
These type of materials have some from inappropriate to disturbing events in the books , but have been distributed to the teen section .
Now from ages @NUM1 years of age usually spend their time there and would likely read this type of information .
Some teens would be horrified of looking through these books and others would be fascinated by it .
It varies through the people and what type of material they would like to read .
It all depends on the situation where this material is distributed in .
Another example on whether or not inappropraite material should be taken out of the shelves is how movies are put in situations .
There was once a time , a young lady around her early teens who wanted to check out a type of movie in which she have never saw before .
So once she checked it out , she watched it with her parents and saw some uneasy sections during this movie .
The person should have thought this through before jumping into the situation .
If the person was mature enough to go through this matter , it would have been fine ; but she was young still and so it made the matter worse .
Whether or not inappropriate material should be removed from shelves depends on how and where the material is distributed and so it shows that one person can change the difference in the situation.Therefore whether this type of material should be taken off the shelves depends , once again , on the situation it is at