Newspaper staff and/or whom it @MONTH1 concern , Reading material found in a library is very useful and informative to the world , there is no limit to what could be found on paper .
Whether it be offensive or not , having limits to books will only create tension , effect the economy , and will lead to illegal activity , ironically enough , in which offensive books will be written and sold , completely undercover .
In today's world , it would be nearly impossible to pick up a book and factually state that it is not offensive .
Almost everyone has some little issue with something in the world today , and because of that , original and unoffensive material are hard to come by .
With the stripping of offensive material from libraries , authors will be devastated , not just emotionally , but will be out of a job and will have less income .
Because of how virtually impossible it is to write a book that is not offensive , authors will become very frustrated , and most are very passionate about what they do .
Also , because almost all reading material is offensive in some way , there will be little to no reading material on the selves of the world or nation's libraries .
@CAPS1 could potentially lead to violent protests that quickly tear down even the most successful of nations .
However , physical devastation would not be the only toll paid for the stripping of offensive reading material from libraries Books cost money ; to make books costs money , to buy books costs money .
Paper companies would take a major nose-dive in the market , having almost no clientel .
When a major divistion such as the paper industry falls , it will bring others down as @CAPS2 , and due to the nation's market complexity , almost all major companies rely on paper .
@CAPS1 would ruin the economy .
Some might say , ' @CAPS1 means that the people of @LOCATION1 will be much more green ! '
@CAPS2 , the past few centuries when economics and the environment are put on a scale , economics takes the cake by a mile .
Obviously , @CAPS1 will do much more harm than good .
The people of the world always have a priority .
Also , the majority of the people don't enjoy having something taken that they have grown so fond to .
People , in general , want what they can't have .
An obvious example would be illegal drugs ; the drug market is extremely successful , but it's illegal .
If people were to have these currently illegal drugs for their use , being completely legal , chances are that the success of drug marketing will plummet .
The opposite situation for books : We have them now , but when they are taken , we will want them even more .
People who read tend to be very passionate about literature and very intellegent .
All it takes is one group to gain numbers , and have a very talented speaker persuede others to follow in a potentially violent revolt to be given back permission to write and publish alleged 'offensive ' books .
All other material found in libraries , such as music and movies , being taken away will have the same effects , give or take a few similarities or differences .
Avoiding such problems is easy , keep the books and all other material in a library on the shelves .
It will only be problematic to take it all away , especially for being offensive , when there are very few books that the general population will find not offensive .
If keeping the material in libraries means individuals will become offended for very different reasons , let it be organized chaos .
@CAPS1 is how people work , and keeping the material on the selves is how the people are pleased or motivated