Society is always dealing with what is appropriate and what is not .
We witness things of that nature every day even when we are not trying to .
It is the classic argument between two parties trying to prove eachother wrong , what is admissable and what is not .
We should try with all our efforts to keep inapporpriate books off of our shelves and out of the hands of the young population .
People can be influenced to do just about anything .
There are too many of these tales to pick out even one .
The interesting thing is people can be affected by someone indirectly .
Whether it be through television , music , or books , man can be molded into something through what they are conditioned to believe .
The influences one encounters can be either positive or negative .
As a lowly person who only wants what is best for society , I know that movies with criminal acts or explicit images do not help anyone become a better citizen .
It is no different with books .
Books that have politically incorrect messages are in no sense better than movies that achieve the same goal .
I am not in any way against reading books , rather I am quite on the contrary .
Reading is overall good for mental and social health because it allows us to explore things deep inside of us that are often rendered useless in our fast-paced world .
But if one is constantly overexposed to books that are against our very human nature , they should be removed for the good of the people around us .
If one can not find a book to read that is not deemed appropriate , then he or she needs to take a look at themselves .
There are millions of books that are not only exciting and stimulating but also can have a positive influence on one as well .
We as members of the @ORGANIZATION1 are already in enough trouble as it is with all our financial troubles and what not .
We do not need to add more to the table when we let the population gain access to obsene books that would typically make someone only rebellious to society .
If something is making the people of our lands more riotous than it should immediately be censored or removed from society in general .
Believe it or not , there are ways to have fun and get a good message across at the same time !