How much hurt can someone take from a book , popular music , a movie , or even a magazine , etc .
?
Well , as shown by studies , @CAPS1 ctizens @MONTH1 take what these items say more offensivley than what it @MONTH1 seem .
They @MONTH1 seem to go overboard or exaggerate what these updated articles are spreading across @LOCATION1 , but is it really true ?
Due to all the diffrent races @LOCATION1 sees every single day , sometimes we @MONTH1 @CAPS2 be doing our best to accept their diffrent cultural backrounds in our modern day society .
I have noticed just by going to a pretty much all white school how most people judge other races other than their own , wheather it be making fun of what they wear or how they talk , etc .
Sometimes I wish they could just consider that we are all human beings and no one deserves to be treated that way .
Taking this all into consideration , I think that wheather or @CAPS2 they are racial books , magazines , or movies they should @CAPS2 be removed from there distribution around the world .
I know that wheather or @CAPS2 that these books , movies , magazines , or music are racial they should still be able to be heard by those who want to hear it .
I think that there are some people out there , for example myself , who like to watch movies and read books about slavery , the holocaust , etc .
It's a part of @CAPS1 @CAPS4 and I enjoy learning about it very much .
It @MONTH1 seem racial though to those who went through these hard times and these items which try to explain the pain these people went through @MONTH1 just seem like a joke towards them to make fun of all they went through , eventhough it is @CAPS2 meant that way at all .
I also understand that there are people who write books about mexican jokes , black jokes , etc .
or even make comedy movies joking over diffent races .
These types of things I think should be taken OFF the shelves everywhere !
These are the types of things that I feel are what bother many different races and make fun of their cultural backround .
When it comes to music these days , it seems they always sing about love , being hurt physically and mentally , and so on .
I feel like music shouldn't really have an affect on diffrent races , unless it is purposley made for the reason of making fun of people .
I don't see where magazines can be harmful to a certain cultural backround .
The magazines I read about aka seventeen magazine seem to comment about how beautiful these people .
Overall , I think that making fun of diffrent races around the world is never going to get better if we never do anything to help it get better .
Eventhough all these diffrent items such as : movies , magazines , books and music @MONTH1 seem racial I think they should be left on the shelf of every library to let people watch and understand more about the @CAPS4 of our world , but if it is a truly written book , song , movie , or magazine article that is aimed to hurt someone of a diffent race , that should definatley be removed from every shelf around the world