Should books that are offensive be removed from library shelves ?
Some books in the library are offensive to some people but should the books be removed from the shelves ?
I personally don't think the books should be removed .
Some people @MONTH1 think the books do need to be removed some don't .
What is your choice to this difficult question ?
First off as I said before I don't think the books should be removed ; but some people @MONTH1 not like my opinion .
These books should not be removed just because they are offensive to other people .
If another finds any book offensive that person should just ignore the book , not asked for it to be taken off the shelf ; someone else might want to read that same book but if it is taken off the shelf then that person can't read the book .
It isn't fair to take books off the shelf just because someone finds the book offensive .
Any person that finds a book offensive should just ignore it and not read the book .
That book that is offensive to someone isn't directed to he or she ; the authors opinion shouldn't matter .
Second , everyones opinion is different .
Some people want the books off the shelves some people don't .
So who gets their way in this little arguement ?
I think the books should stay on the shelves .
One person @MONTH1 find the book offensive and the next person @MONTH1 not .
Other people @MONTH1 not even read the offensive book .
But no matter if the book is read or not it shouldn't be taken off the shelf ; it just isn't fair to all the other people who actually do want to read that book .
Lastly , everyone enjoys different book themes .
If you don't like the theme of the book then why are you reading it ?
If you don't like the book or you find it offensive go choose another book .
Don't make it to where other people can't read the book if they like those kind of themes .
You wouldn't like it if that happened to you .
No one would like that .
Just pick a book that has a theme you like .
So as you can see I don't think it is fair that books get taken off the shelf if people find the book offensive .
Some people @MONTH1 like that theme of the book or the story it has to it .
Some people have different opinions of the book or it means something different to them .
And just because someone finds a book offensive doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelf ; it just isn't fair to other people .