In Libraries there are many books , magazines , music , or movies that @MONTH1 be found offensive to many , but it might be what some people like to read ; therefore we must keep all of the materials no matter how crude .
These library materials are all part of the worlds past and all have a bigger story behind it which has an even bigger story behind it and so on .
If we start removing books and everyone removes one then we are going to be left with nothing to learn off of .
The world will be less intellegent and we start to forget and lose our past .
This is the reason that we must never take any books , movies , music , or magizines off the shelves of a library for it @MONTH1 be special to someone or @MONTH1 be crude to others but it in the end they all contain some past that no other book @MONTH1 contain .
A world with no so called innapropriate books , magazines , music , or movies would be a less crude place but it will be stripping people of knowledge that @MONTH1 be needed .
If everyone took a book off the shelve than none would be left .
The books would start to lose their love , compasssion , and livlyhood within them .
Other books @MONTH1 contain segregation and segregation is a big part of americas past .
The word negroe is offensive for some and if we took all of the books with the word negroe out than we would lose @NUM1 years of americas past that can not be forgotten .
Documents containing stories of wars , leaders , rising and fallsing of many empires and kingdoms would all be gone because the violance was to offensive .
Many historic moments in the world's history woul.d be lost forever .
We can not get rid of offensive books for the sake of the world's past .
The world would lose too much history in getting rid of offensive books .
If the books were put in there own section in the library than kids would not be able to see them causing this to be no problem for young eyes to see .
If you find many books offensive than you just should not go to a library because no matter what happens no books are going to be just thrown away for they have history within them .
If we start deshelving books than soon movies will be going and than magazines will be limited to only say so much .
I believe that if our kids can not get to the section with offensive books then we will not have to worry about them seeing the offensive materials .
If we want to keep all the books and people are still trying to throw away offensive books than we should just have a section where offensive books should be and kids can not get to .
In @CAPS1 this is how we could censor books in libraries .
Books , Movies , Magazines , and music are a part of every country in the world today .
It is was changes countries and makes them different , it gives them there own culture which we can share with each other .
So no matter what we should should never try and take offensive or any kind of book off the shelves of libraries .
Censorship @MONTH1 be needed but the offensive materials do not need to be taken off the face of the earth or thrown where no one could ever read it again .
All in all we can not get extinguish the flames of our past or we @MONTH1 never have a future