Libraries are a place where anyone can find books to read , on any topic they choose .
This is a right that should stay in the reader's hands , and not the library's .
Every person can read about whatever topics they please , and those working at libraries should not have an influence on which books peole read .
Censorship of books is competely unneccessary .
If somebody wants to read about a specific topic , then they have the right to .
Reading a book that is offensive to the reader is the reader's choice ; nobody forced them to read it .
Upon finding a book that is offensive , the reader then can make that decision , and not read the book .
Though just because this one reader finds this book offensive , does not mean a different person would , and this different person has the right to read this book if they choose .
Finding a book offensive is a simply an opinion , and has no factual evidence .
So who has the right to say whether a book is offensive or not ?
Just because somebody running a library belives a book to be offensive or innappropriate , does not mean the book should be taken off the shelf .
There is no one person who can say whether or not a book is offensive .
Other items such as music , movies , or magazines also should not be censored , though some of them are already .
Movies for example , are all rated , and this therfore gives the viewer the choice of what level of movie they would like to watch .
The viewer should not expect to check out a rated ' @CAPS1 ' movie , and see no material with foul language , violence , or other 'offensive ' subjects .
By choosing a higher rated movie , the viewer is making their own choice of what they see , and so the librarians should not take it upon themselves to take away these films .
It is simply not thier responsibility .
Music also is rated , and if thought neccessary , has a parental warning label , telling the listener that this album has explicit content .
Though just as with movies or books , everybody has the right to listen to whichever music they please , and should not have to search at places other than a library , because the librarian thought the music to be innappropriate .
Magazines @MONTH1 not be rated , but this does not mean the library should make the executive decision to rate them , and get rid of the ones found to be 'offensive ' .
As mentioned several times above , it is the reader's choice to view material ; not the librarian's .
Whether the material is books , music , movies , or magazines , the consumer has the right to read , listen to , or view whatever they please , without the influence of librarians .
Each person has their own say of what material they choose to consume , and nobody else has the right to tell them otherwise .