In the current life we are all living we find a need to make things more an more private .
If this something is said and we don't like it we find the urge to rid the @CAPS2 of to ' @CAPS1 ' other people from it .
In modern writing @DATE1 and all throughout history there have been certain books that we don't like because they go against what we find moraly right .
But just because a group of people say it's wrong is there a need to completely abolish from the @LOCATION1 ?
No .
When something is written it is written for a purpose .
If there was no purpose then we wouldn't have anything to read at all in the first place .
Yes , there are some books and magazine's that can be very vivid and unsutable for younger minds to experience .
But that it is why these books are created for older people to read .
I am a large fan of books over the two @CAPS2 @CAPS3 that took place .
I find them very fascinating and I love to see what my life could be like @DATE1 if the outcomes of those @CAPS3 would have been different .
I will admit many of these books contain things that are very real in a sense that some adults even can't handle , but this would be no reason to get rid of them all together .
These books signify a great part of human history that many people need to know .
Without these books these @CAPS3 can become something in the past and nothing more .
There are also many books out there that have a large deal to do with very mature themes .
These bookos can include very detailed areas about a sex scene .
Yes indeed these books can definently be very unsutable for younger kids .
But that is where the idea that these books were not created for them .
They were created for older more mature readers .
Also if we are so concerned as to what our children are seeing then that is where the parent would have to step in .
The parent can control the limit in the intensity or maturity of the books their child is reading .
Looking out for what are children see is a large matter , the other side though is the thought of people getting ideas from reading more intense books .
For instance when people find something that they truly believe in they can become very motivated to expand peoples knoledge of that matter .
If one person reads a book about poloitics and see a side that they have never seen before they could become driven to form a group to drive that thought or matter into all of the minds of the human race .
This could greatly affect us by having a large amount of people come to an uproar at a group even as large as our current governament .
But even though this could happen what type of free , run by the people for the people , group are we now .
Overall putting restrictions on the things we read or see , to our country , would have to be moraly wrong .
Limiting what are nation can see would lead to most likely more of an uproar than just having to deal with different thoughts or outlooks of a group of people .
This could happen because people would see it as the government maybe making more socialist acts by trying to control our knoledge .