Should certain material found to be offensive be removed from the shelves of our library ?
Many people find material they see in libraries such as books , movies , music , magazines , etc.
, to be offensive ; but does that mean that they should be removed ?
I believe along with many others that libraries should not censor out offensive materials .
To censor libraries would neglect parent responsibilities , destroy our profitable media , and be unconstitutional .
Parents are responsible for their children , not only when it comes to providing food and shelter , but also when their children are viewing inappropriate or offensive material .
If you do not want your child to be offended or see vulgar shows , texts , and music , do not let them see it .
For instance , if a child is listening to a sexual song on their I-pod take it from them .
It is not a right to have the device it is a privelage and parents are aloud to take away privelages .
In addition to neglecting the parent's responsibilities , it would be a gigantic blow to the media economically .
Most media is viewed , because of the inappropriate material appearing in their shows , books , and music .
If you censor all of that material out less movie tickets will be bought , less books will be sold , and less music will be listened to .
In a time of recession , like the one we are currently coming out of it is more beneficial to provide as much income as possible , instead of destroying current oppurtunities for profit .
Both of these points are valid , but most importantly censoring libraries would be unconstitutional .
In the preamble we are given rights to the freedom of speech and press .
These offensive materials are included in this right .
I understand admentments can be added to specify what type of speech and press is appropriate , but how will officers monitor that .
Not to mention all the jail space that would be needed for people smuggling inappropriate material to buyers .
In brief censoring libraries is a bad idea in the areas of parent responsibilities , media economics , and our constitutional rights .
When negatively effecting all of these areas the consequences are much more influential then the benefits .
Obviously censoring is not the answer to offensive material