Let your mind wander to a place of peace and tranquility .
You are in a world of endless possiblities .
To each side of you lies a vast collection of diverse adventures and anecdotes .
You are in a library where each book holds the key to a door of knowledge and adventure .
Looking for an adventure of your own , you drift down each section searching for the one suitable to your liking .
Turning the corner , your eyes suddenly glance over to some books and magazines with provocative and inappropriate pictures on them that are blatantly out in the open for anyone to gaze upon .
Quickly turning your eyes from the unfortunate meeting of offensive pictures , you race down the hallway to a different section .
You think to yourself how unecessary those images were , now scarred into your mind .
In most libraries , you will find anything you are looking for that can be contained within the confines of a book .
I believe that because libraries are used by everyone of all different ages , races , and genders , that some censorship should be put into effect .
Some of the content found in libraries should be censored due to a diverse group of people in the world with different views , opinions , and morals .
This censorship is @CAPS1 narrowed down to just inappropriate images , but religious , political , and cultural innuendo as well .
Censorship should be evident in all sections of the library .
I do @CAPS1 think that certain books should necessarily be removed from the shelf because of violation of rights to speech which includes written speech as well .
I do , however , think that they should be sectioned off and clearly marked to warn unwanting eyes and ears of the material found there .
Libraries are one of the number one resources when researching , reading , or gaining information and knowledge .
Most everyone has used , uses , or will use a library in their life .
This includes children and families .
Children do @CAPS1 need to be experiencing , learning about , or exposed to some of the content and material found in libraries .
I do @CAPS1 think the books should be removed from the shelves , but put somewhere else where a child could @CAPS1 find it .
Children have rapidly developing minds and are sometimes defined by the images that they are exposed to .
Something a child sees is more commonly and easily remembered for a longer time than if an adult would see that .
This shows that it is @CAPS1 good for a child to see such offensive things .
Censorship , in regard to moving the books to a new location where a child can @CAPS1 stumble upon it , is the best choice .
Another reason that I believe that the books should @CAPS1 be removed completely , but rather taken somewhere else in the library , is because that everyone has the right to express their opinions and feelings toward a subject .
Also , others have the right to express their opinions toward another's thoughts .
Just because you find something offensive doesn't give you the right to take that away from someone .
I think that if a person so desires such things and feels the need to read about them , then they have the right and the choice to do that .
Although , people who do @CAPS1 want to see that should also have the choice to have that somewhere where they will @CAPS1 come across it .
This is why the books should @CAPS1 be out in the open for all to see , but taken to a secluded section .
In conclusion , the best solution when dealing with offensive material found in libraries is to @CAPS1 remove it completely , but section it off from everything else and allow exclusive access to only those who so desire such material .
Everyone should have a choice and a right to see or @CAPS1 to see certain material they might find offensive .
In doing so , the library , I believe , will become a better environment to all those who wish to access and use it .
More people will use it and the library will then appeal to everyone .