Imagine .
A nice sunny day , sitting outside under a tree and reading one of your favorite books .
Feeling the wind in your hair and taking in all that is going on in the story .
You not only read at home but at school as well .
Just think , what if you could not read that book because it was offensive to someone else in your school ?
How unfair it would to allow nobody to read that book just because of one person .
This i could not imagine .
At my school , teachers and other faculty are always encouarging kids my age to read more often .
Most teenagers are always busy participating in after school events such as : band , playing a sport , theater , choir , ect .
Not many teens are able to just be alone and read a good book , which is why I was so shocked when i heard about this strange news .
Should books , magazines , ect.
, be removed from shelves if they are offensive ?
I do not think doing that would be a good decsion .
Kids should be able to read what they want to read .
As you probably know , not all kids are alike .
Some enjoy things that others @MONTH1 not .
For example , not all kids like to eat corn .
This goes with reading as well .
Not all kids like to read romantic or action books .
I enjoy reading romantic and mystery novel .
Some novels , more than others have a lot more graphic content such as @CAPS1 .
@CAPS1 has a lot of fighing in it .
If a mother did not want her son to be exposed to fighting , should we take all @CAPS1 movies , books , and magazines out of our libraries ?
Another example would be the @CAPS3 series .
Some parents do not want their children reading about vampires and werewolves .
Should we not be able to borrow or rent this movies ?
I do not think so .
Another reason I do not think that we should take out book and magazines in our libraries is , not everyone is offended by the same thing .
For example , @ORGANIZATION2 .
Personally in my family , me and my brother believed in @LOCATION1 for many years .
My cousins however , do not teach their children about @ORGANIZATION2 .
If I brought over @ORGANIZATION1 and read it to their kids and they got offended , should we get rid of @ORGANIZATION1 ?
The answer is no .
Some families have a tradition .
Just because one family does not want their kids to know about @ORGANIZATION2 does not mean that eveyone should not be able to get the satisfaction of reading or seeing a movie about @ORGANIZATION2 .
So the final question is , should certain materials be removed from shelves if they are found offensive ?
Can one person eliminate more than one book just because it offensive to them ?
I guess it all depends on your view of the situation .
I do not think that offensive novels should be taken of the shelves because : kids should have a choice in what they want to read , not everyone is going to think that the same book if offensive and lastly because if we got rid of all the offensive books ; what books would be left to read