There are many books , types of music , movies , magazines , etc .
that are found offensive to people .
Should they be removed ?
It depends .
If something is so inappropriate or offensive then it should be removed .
Today , there are many books that teach or give a bad message .
If I see one , I just try ignore it ; I do not pick it up and read the back or take it home and read it .
I know what I am allowed and not allowed to read .
But does that mean I should take it off the shelf and throw it away because I 'm not allowed to read it ?
No .
As much as I would like to , just to prevent others from reading it , I can not .
It is sad that we have to worry about these things in the first place .
I think the area where the most offensive things are , are movies .
There are so many movies now that have inappropriate scenes : bad language , scary scenes , etc .
Some movies are not rated appropriately either .
There is a movie out now that is rated @NUM1 and is extremely scary .
I can not imgaine watching this movie as a middle schooler ; I watched it as a sophomore and was scared .
I never would have though it would have been that bad because of its rating .
Some movies for children even have inappropriate things ; they might be hidden and the child not understand , but it is still there .
Why does it need to be there in the first place ?
Is it that important ?
No .
Another area that is bad , are video games .
There are kids who play them so much , all they think about is killing , guns , and war .
There are kids who think of these things so much they begin to think it is cool to point guns and knives at other kids .
Some do it in a joking way , but others do not .
These things are dangerous and hurt people-mentally and even emotionally .
You go to a grocery store or a gas station and see magazines with inappropriate things on them .
No child should see those things , but if they are there anyone is going to look .
Different genres of music @MONTH1 even send bad messages .
There are some radio stations that , with certain songs , bleep out words like drugs and alcohol , but with other songs that have curse words , keep them there .
I do not really understand that .
Yes , drugs and alcohol are bad , but why isn't a curse word ?
Just saying the words drug or alcohol are not bad .
These types of things are very offensive to people .
But is there really anything they can do ?
Not really .
We all have our opinions and we can speak our minds , but sometimes we do not get want we always want .
We can not really do anything about this .
Others belive it is okay to watch and listen and read these kinds of things , but with the things we read , watch , adn list to on a regular basis are what we think about .
If you put bad things in your mind that is all you will begin to think about and it will become a part of your life