History is bond to repeat itself right ?
Well , we must make sure that this is a great opportunity to ensure our future @LOCATION2 .
By censuring items on certain shelves is like when your mother makes you leave the kitchen so you don't get burned .
This is just a way to protect the minds of young ones , which are like little sponges soaking everything they see or hear up .
The effects of what @MONTH1 come are far worst than making it so an adult must reach a little high for the book they want to read .
Making it so only certain material is available to young children and teenagers is a way to prevent the same racism , poverty , assinations , and religions protests of the past .
The @ORGANIZATION1 prides itself on that children are the future , well , why not put in the effort to prevent the from seeing what the see or read ?
I wish that when I was younger many people were trying to stop causes of such things as teen pregancy , drugs , alcohol , and abuse .
But , there wasn't , there was a thirteen year old girl in my class who got pregant .
She thought it was cool , because she read it in a book .
This book she read wasn't hers it was her mothers and she left it on the table to take back to the library .
Her mother forgot and @PERSON2 read that book .
She told a bunch of friends and me about it .
@PERSON2 said the book explained what guys wanted .
She did that because of a made up story her mother checked out at a library .
This story makes me think about why they should put books on a different shelf or higher up .
I have two younger sisters who already have to worry about being picked on ; because of their clothes , their religion , the fact that they only listen to certain music .
They should be able to go to school , and not worry about the book that they @MONTH1 grab at the library .
My sisters are the inspiration for me to make the world in which we live a better place , well , my brother is too .
But , my point is they should have to live up to the expectations of others , or the what's cool .
By censuring what children are reading or listening to is a way to make them be children .
When they look at magazines or listen to music , they make discissions that could effect the rest of their lives .
Just like how @ORGANIZATION2 has a new song out .
The lyrics are inapporiate of many young children , but you can look it up on youtube .
The lyrics of many songs or singles that have just been released are astounding .
These songs show us why children are having children , or doing drugs .
It is all caused by what they see or hear around them .
Our country has hit an economical low , and this is caused by the youth not taking life seriously .
I think that if we could focus on the factors in hand , such as censuring we @MONTH1 accomplish something no one else has .
To show the world @LOCATION2's youth is the future , and it is looking pretty bright .
We each should take proud it making the children learn better , act better , and above all make their dreams come true .
If we have more students reading stuff such as , ' @LOCATION1 , or To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 , ' and enjoy them it would show that their dreams can come true fiction or non-fiction .
It doesn't aways matter as long as your reading something that isn't stopping your mind to grow and develop fully .
Many of the young women in my sophmore class have read , ' the @CAPS3 series , ' and they loved it which made them read other vamiper books .
It shows we can read stuff that is stimulating and not just to make us act like celebrates who party all the time or go to jail .
By looking at those magazines or reading books about those people teenagers think that everyone is doing it .
To tell you the truth more people aren't doing it and have found other ways to stay occupied .
We have say in whether or not the future is good or bad why not make the choice easier by elimating the ones we would choose for ourselves at the age of children picking up the books or reading the magazines ; about @PERSON1 who just drove around with her baby on her lap .
What choice are you choosing for you life ?
In my personal oppion I believe children and adults should have separate televisions shows , magazines , and books .
We want children to mature without the lies that everyone lives this way .
These are the reasons as well as more to why censuring in libraries would help the impact of lies to children lessen .
To add one final thing , would you tell everything you know to a five year old if you knew they would retain every word ?
I don't think I would want them to mature that fast , otherwise what is the point of life , or school .
To go and learn what you already know