Books and movies are a way for many people to use their imagination and creativity .
Taking certain books off the shelves @MONTH1 have a negative effect on people .
Certain books , music , movies , and magazines are not always as bad as what some people think .
People have different views on what is good and bad , so you can not really remove certain books because , like Katherine Paterson said , ' ... Then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
We need to leave every book on the shelves .
Using my own observations , reading , and my own experience I will prove to you that we need those books on our shelves .
First , I watch younger children getting so many books off the shelves and maybe they aren't the best for them .
I believe from watching them , that it helps them grow .
Being a young kid you 're curious and they need to be able to look at just about anything .
Honestly , if it's really that bad to you they won't remember it the next day .
Personally I think that them seeing what we call 'bad things ' will make them not want to look again , and help them learn right from wrong .
Secondly , I have seen many magazines , read many books , and watched many movies that I probably shouldn't have .
I feel from seeing and reading those things it has made me a better person not to do the 'bad things ' that they are doing .
I 've read books about slavery , and war and it just wants me to make the world a better place .
Knowing that younger children than I are reading and seeing all this negativity in this world doesn't always put me in the spot to say 'keep everything on the shelves , ' but I also believe children will know between right and wrong .
Lastly , I have experienced children and young adults abusing the library and getting movies they shouldn't be watching , which would make many people want to take certain books off the shelves .
Certain books need to be kept away from young kids , but not from everyone.We older , and more wiser adults need to realize that it's not all bad , yes bad for our young ones but maybe not for someone else .
A family member of mine is a photographer and he looks at nude magazines and movies to help him with his career .
Not every nude movie and magazine is abused , and everyone should realize this .
All in all , I understand of removing some books , magazines , and movies but we can't .
I don't believe a certain book is offensive to everyone , just certain people .
Different people need books and movies for different things , and they aren't all used for bad .
We need to all come together as one to keep certain books out of young peoples ' reach , so that the books and movies aren't abused .
Hopefully , everyone keeps every book on the shelves .
Again , as Katherine Paterson stated , ' ... Then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us , ' if we remove them