In this article I am going to talk about the way libraries sensor their books .
I am going to hit points on what I think about the subject .
But also give what point of view I feel about the books that are on these shelves .
Also on the way libraries should handle this matter by pre-sensoring the books on the shelves .
I will try to give details on why it does not or if it has to be taken off the shelf .
I think that certain materials should not be a problem if the librarians can keep a closer eye on what their reading .
But it can be stopped by just looking at the review and seeing if this is a good enough book for your child to read .
This can be a problem in some ways if kids are exposed to this material that they are reading .
But some children can take some of this stuff the wrong way when they are reading a mature type book .
But you just can not for get about those books , you have to watch what they are reading .
Some ways that they handle this problem can get a little extreme .
If you take a book off the shelf what is the older person going to read .
You just can't do this because what if another persons wants that book and they can not have it .
But what you can do is make a special section for those types of books young children will not get those books .
This I think can help with the problem .
I feel that they could also pre-sensor these books .
This will help explain things in a way they can understand it .
Plus it can improve the way people feel about them books .
But also they print two copies one for a more mature audiance and one for a younger one .
If they do this it would make an improvement so younger kids can take this information lke a mature person does and say this is not real life .
In @CAPS1 conclusion I feel like I am nuatral about the subject .
I think it is a bad thing to have them on the shelf in a library .
But I feell it can be prevented in the way libraries run it .
Just keep a closer eye the younger audiance .
Also to try and pre-sensor them to make them more friendly to the younger audiance