Censorship in Libraries The library presents to the community many different things for entertainment .
They's a large variety of enterianment such as : romance movies , adventurous novels , dramatic music , comical magazines , and many others .
Yet they 're are some that have unappropriate things .
I believe that any of the things in the libraries that have unappropriate things in them should be censored or removed from the public view .
If this is done it will benefit our children's moral beliefs , the library's family image , and save money for better things .
Our children are the most important things to us .
They are the future of our country and our world .
They are the people who will be leading our country .
We teach our children from a young age our moral beliefs .
Yet , if they start seeing or reading unappropitate things that they can find at a library then their moral views will change .
They will think that the things they see are okay in society because it's in a library .
If the library , which is thought to be one of the most educational places , has bad things then the image of the library will be thought as bad and dirty also .
The library needs to censor the bad things to allow their self image to look well .
Many parents won't want to take their children to the library if they know that there can be a magazine of death and murder laying out on the shelves .
The library would also save alot of money if they censored the things they have .
Many of the pornagraphical things they have cost alot of money .
Usually if they buy movies that aren't censored it cost extra .
If they buy things that are approptiate they would benefit greatly .
They could us that money and buy better books and at a lower price .
The library is a very important part to one's community .
We need them in our lives and our children's lives also , but we won't take our children if we know that the things there aren't good for them .
That's why the library need to censor the unapproptiate things so that the parents feel safe when going to the library .
The library is a fun place to go , and it would be even better if everything there was good and not bad