Keep or Remove ?
Every year , more and more books of significance to literature are being taken off of the shelves in our local libraries and classrooms .
And although these books @MONTH1 contain some writing that is offensive now , they still have shaped the @CAPS1 culture today .
Along with books , many movies and magazines are also being taken off of the shelves because of offensive material .
Just because some of these materials @MONTH1 contain offensive content , does not give people the right to make them out of reach and deprive the public of what they enjoy .
So is it right to remove offensive material from libraries ?
Absolutely not .
Many people enjoy books , magazines , and movies of this nature .
In reality , it is more than likely hurting the library's business more than anything because these types of materials is what @CAPS1 culture is all about .
People don't want to read about what's happening at the animal shelter across the street .
They want to read about what's going on in @LOCATION1 and about the hottest trends for seasons .
All in all , removing these materials will only hurt the library's popularity and the amount of customers they attract .
Artists write about what they love and how they feel .
How can someone tell an author of a book that his or her writing is too graphic or too offensive ?
That is what he or she chose to write about !
That is how he or she expresses themselves through their writing !
By 'frowning upon ' books , magazines or songs with certain offensive content , officials diminish the creativity and uniqueness of authors .
If a certain author or artist has a really great , original idea for a new song or book , but is worried about it not being carried by libraries because it is a little offensive , then obviously that author or artist is not going to write that book or song .
By removing offensive books , songs and movies , we the public are being robbed of creative and imaginitive writing .
All in all , the removal of offensive books , magazines , movies , and songs is harmful to the public and to the libraries themselves .
Generations @MONTH1 never even hear of 'The @CAPS2 of @PERSON1 ' just because it uses racial terms .
So what would you do if put in this situation ?
Keep or remove ?