In this persuation essay it will talk about the content of should we or shouldn't we remove all offensive books , music , movies , magazines of the shelf .
In this essay everyone will agree with the content or be in the opposing side of the aurgument .
In this essay it isn't the exception that this essay will disagree with some of the viewing audience ; however , there are situations in which the audience can go with both sides .
To begin with , in the matter of the case should we or should we not remove offensive books , music , magazines , or movies from the library .
I don't believe that all content should be remove for all to see .
In some cases there are the exception , but in banding all material doesn't seem logic .
In my point of view the removal of materials seems a little extreme ; however putting the content in a higher shelf seems more pratical instead of removal all for good .
Yes , it might be offensive but in this time period offensive movies , books , magazines , books , and so on are look as more comedial and not taken serious .
For example , a really offensive show called ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' is a really offensive and people just see it as entertaining .
This show can be offensive to everyone , but yet we still see it .
In this show there is warning label stating only be seen to children @NUM1 and older .
Parents are advice and to be acknowledge what their kids are seeing .
It's not the creator of the content to be banned , yet it is the job as a parent to be mindful in what their kids are reading , watching , looking , or listening not them .
In which case there there isn't away to be right in this subject .
However the creators of the conent see it as a way to vent over their lifes , experiences , and what opticals they had to faceor just to make people laugh .
They see it as a safe way to espress themselves .
It might be offensive to you , but for some people that's there life .
You might not like it or it @MONTH1 seem harsh for you , but that's real life .
Secondly there are always something that @MONTH1 offend you , but it doesn't seem logical to banned it .
An example might be religion .
A religion a person might be it might offend you .
It doesn't mean if the religion offensive that it will get banned or be remove for everyone .
Your religion @MONTH1 offend someone , but they deal with it and embrace the differnces .
If your friends has a different religion it doesn't mean you will never talk to them ever again .
Thirdly , you might express yourself and there are going to be people out there that won't agree with you .
You might create a book , a song , or a movie that will offend someone in a way .
For example , the @CAPS3 series is offensive to some guys and girls .
A disagrrement between two girls fighting over which charater is better for @CAPS4 .
There are always an opposing side .
A @CAPS2 might be tried of hearing about @CAPS5 all of time and might find offensive when a girl @MONTH1 compare him to @CAPS6 or @PERSON1 .
Saying why can't boys be like them , but even then they don't remove @CAPS3 all together .
For you it might seem the greatest movie ever , or the most terrible movie in the universe .
Fourthly , another example is a @CAPS8 show called , ' @CAPS9 @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @CAPS12 ' ( queen of the south ) where a women that had nothing to begin with , yet ended up being the most wanted in some countries .
Some people @MONTH1 seem that it might be cool to be just like her .
It doesn't seem that people will go uot there and do what she does cause in the television show shows all of the consequences there are if you do what she did .
This show is an example of what could happen if you become exactly like her .
Some offensive material @MONTH1 teach a lesson and can pervent a person to do something that they @MONTH1 later regreat .
In conclusion , everything in our life offends us in some way .
It doesn't matter what it is we deal with it and our life goes on .
There is no way to see this , but one thing you enjoy maybe be offensive to others .
It wouldn't seem fair to take something you enjoy just because it offended one person .
So I belive that the libaries censorship isn't at risk .
In my opinion everyone has the freedom to choose what they want to read , watch , or even listen to .
And also have the choice to stop reading it , watching it , or listening to it