Censorship is a very sensitive topic .
Everyone has to deal with censroship whether it is directly or indirectly .
There have been many complaints and arguments involving the government regarding acts of censorship throughout the past .
If censorship were to be equal for everyone , there would be nothing left in the world to be censored .
Censorship is a major subject when dealing with books , newspaper articles , movies , and other literary subjects .
The writer or director must be able to create an interesting topic or story line while at the same time keeping it appropriate for most audiences .
If everyone were to censor one piece of literature or film that offended them in a certain way , then everything in life would be censored in one way or another .
No matter what , there will always be a certain situation in which one person in the world will be offended by .
Censorship is wrong , especially in the @LOCATION1 ; the @LOCATION1 citizens are granted the freedom of speech and the freedom of press .
With an understanding of these basic freedoms , one would think that censorship is against the law considering it is one of the five basic freedoms granted to @LOCATION1 citizens .
Censorship is wrong because it violates at least two of the five basic freedoms granted to all @LOCATION1 citizens .
There should be absolutely no censorship when dealing with books , movies , and newspaper articles , because they all deal with the freedom of speech , or the freedom of press .
If the act of censorship begins to expand , everything we know today will become censored in some manner just because one person would find it offensive .
Some citizens @MONTH1 argue that censorship is a positive thing because it filters out all of the inappropriate , offensive , and derrogatory language and situations from our nation's youth , but from a teenager's standpoint , the children will find out about such situations and language use regardless .
There is no point in hiding the truth from anyone , because no matter what they will find out eventually .
We need to push for less censorship in the @LOCATION1 , because if we want to keep our five basic freedoms of life granted to us by the first amendmant , then we need to fight back censorship and remove it completely from our society