Libaries everywhere might have a book or two that @MONTH1 be offensive to a reader .
I haven't found a book offensive to my readings just yet .
Some people might think that some music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves of the library .
But some people are against it , like me .
Its going to take more than one person to remove the music , magazines , etc.
, from the library .
Music in the library is good because you can't find old music like in the @DATE1's in a music store .
If someone finds music offensive in the libary it might be because they don't know the history from where the music came from or what the artist has been through .
Say for instance the person is offended by hip hop music .
I 'm sure there's a book for that and the person can look up where the music came from .
Maybe then they wouldn't be so offeneded .
Magaizines in the library are really for people who love the media .
There are so many magaizines that have interesting facts about what happen or what's going to happen .
For example @ORGANIZATION1 has all the newest event or something big that happend , just in that one @ORGANIZATION1 .
Then there's advertisments , how would people get money if they didn't put there adverstisment in a @ORGANIZATION1 so people could buy there product .
If not nobody would buy the products .
Movies in the library are for teachers to show students .
Half the stuff in the libary , you can find at blockbuster or walmart .
It's because the library has old movies and current events that happened years ago .
They might even have a movie to go with the book the reader has read , but some people are more visual with the movie .
So they read books .
Overall I hope the music , magazines , and movies stay on the shelves of the libraries and don't change they way the library is doing things .
Some books might already be off the shelves that people have complained about or got offeneded by already .
So its already too late for that .
But its going to take more than one person to be aganist it .
So that's my view on taking out music , magazines , and movies out of the library