If you were an author , would you think it would be fair for someone to have your creation taken off the shelves because it offended someone ?
In my opinion , I believe that there are some references , considering movies , books , music , magazines , and more , that are inapropriate .
However , I don't think anyone should have the right to take them off the shelves because they are offended by it .
If everyone had the right to take something off of a shelf because it offends them , we wouldn't have anything left .
In my mind , everything could possibly be offensive to someone .
For example , I read a book and they stereotyped the cheerleaders , just like everyone else does .
The way they make all cheerleaders out to be is horrible .
Considering I 've been a big time cheerleader my entire life , I got a little offended because I 'm not the way the book described them at all .
After reading the book , I might not have enjoyed it , but it was my choice to read it .
I wasn't going to @MONTH1 back to the book store and demand them to take it off the market because I , only one person , didn't like it .
My philosophy would be to just ignore the things you don't like , or not to purchase the item if it offends you .
I know that the age of the targeted audience of some books or movies aren't always the only ones that come across them .
For example , a child coming across a movie that includes inapropriate languages or scenes .
That is when I say that you just have to keep walking by and only pay attention to the materials that are for you .
Or parents , censor what you children see , hear and read about .
Moreover , I do not think it is fair for someone's artwork , whether it is music , a book , magazine , or movie , to be taken off of display or off of the shelf .
Those authors or creaters worked just as hard as anyone else .
Just because it is not best suited for one person , does not mean it isn't suited for someone else .
In conclusion , I don't think it is fair for items to be taken off of the market because it doesn't please a few people .
I 'm sure there is someone out there that will enjoy it .
It wouldn't be fair to the artist , after all of their time and harkwork .
Everything on the market could probably offend at least a few people in some way , but welcome to the real world .
They just need to learn to deal with it , or ignore it like I do .