Without books we all would not know what we know now.Its just like saying without a heart your body will still function .
Books today are basically telling you real life things that happen or can happen if you do anything .
Personally books are made for a reason , whether some people like it or not .
Books help you get a better understanding of many things someone else @MONTH1 not know , and or understand.The same thing goes for musis , movies , and magazines .
I clearly understand where some parents , guardians , and caregivers come from , but they have to realize that everything they think is wrong for our society today really is helping the next person .
Also someone else is thinking different then they are .
Books are another way of learning as well , they all are not bad for the younger or whosoever it @MONTH1 be .
They also help you get a better meaning of alot of things .
I am not only going to say that books are most peoples main problem , but there are some movies , music , and magazines .
But some tell you what age it is suitable for .
For movies they tell you things like ' @NUM1 , @CAPS1 ' and other things like that .
Also for music all you have to do is look at the songs on the back or they have them with or without anything bad on it .
Magazines they have many different varieties of things for all ages and you pick the ones you want for you or your child .
Everything is not all bad , it is what you feel is right for your child or whosoever it @MONTH1 be .
You can not blame others for what they feel needs to be heard or said to some .
You have to look outside the box and know that there are people who really need to hear , see , and or do .
Just to better themselves as a individual .
People are so quick to judge the next but really don't try to understand that everyone needs help and that just because your life or whatever @MONTH1 seem to be heading in the right direction at that time doesn't mean someone elses can't change.Those things are there for a reason if you dont like it then try a better way to get away from it .
Without those things in our life I really can see this world falling apart .
We barely understand what some of the books , music , movies , and magazines are talking about so just try to picture all that being taken away .
Its not a pretty site , accept the things that we have now and use them to the best of your ability .
They all are there for a reason .