Materials that are offensive for some people in my point of view should not be removed from the shelves .
If some people are offended by materials they shouldn't pay any mind to those certain materials .
If everybody paid attention too offensive entertainment regardless to what kind , people would be upset all the time .
There are many things people see , hear , and read about that @MONTH1 be offensive .
Don't take everything seriously most of those offensive things @MONTH1 just be a joke or just someone trying to get attention .
When you just sit and think about it , most television shows you would watch everyday @MONTH1 have at least one moment that's says something offensive .
In example I watch a television show some nights that says something racial about @CAPS1- @CAPS2 .
I don't pay the show any kind of attention because I know it's a show their just trying to get more rating .
So when it really comes down too it I am goin to be watching the same show again the next night .
What if some of our most historical people had listened to everything that everyone esle said about them .
Then , our black culture and history wouldn't be so ' @CAPS3 ' today .
I probably wouldn't be able too take this test that im doing right now .
So don't take everything so serious everyone has some type of humor .
If we removed everything that was offensive today .
Some of your favorite actors and singers wouldn't be the famous actors or singers you love and respect today .
All of the grammy's and award shows that we watch on television would not be themselves .
There are all kinds of different genre of music .
Some of the words that different artists use would be offensive but they still release those same songs because they 're only words .
My conclusion , is that anything and anyone can be offended or offensive .
People don't take everything serious because it might just be a joke or some ignorant person that needs attention .
When I was younger my mother always said 'sticks and stones @MONTH1 break your bones but words only make you ' .
So don't take everything serious I mean it's only the media , tell me who does take them seriously