Dear @CAPS1 , The things we learn at such a young age really need to be changed .
It would really help soicity.Here are some ways how .
All books are diffrent .
Some @MONTH1 have offencive language .
If books have offenceive language you dont have to read it outloud .
You can always substitute other words in there for those or just skip over them like nothing happened .
Some books say sexual things in them that @MONTH1 offend a race of some type or a gender .
If books are sexual for your age group then I would recomend choosing a new book .
But no matter how you look at it .
It could always be much worse than what it is .
Music music needs to be some cencorship on that .
When your listening to the radio or a cd or ipod .
You cant always censor that .
the radio compianies need to do a better job at censoring them out of songs .
Many young teens think its cool to use vulgor language .
Movies have diffrent ratings for diffrent age group .
I 'm sure no one would let a two year old watch a rated @CAPS2 movie .
That kid would have nightmares for a week .
so censorship woukd really help the parents out on choosing the right movie for family night instead of picking one that they have no clue about .
Magazines are nothing but gossip .
Most magazines do nothing but talk about the bad in people or the good in them.There should be some censorship in there because it is a persons life who there talking garbage .
Some say kids are like sponges .
Whatever the kid hears he will repeat .
Whatever a kid sees he will try to repeat it .
So whatever a kid reads or watches will probably be the same .
Things do need a little censorship .
If we didnt have that its hard telling what the world would be like .
The world would be full of a lot of people with no motivation what so ever and if we take things away then the world would have nothing to do.I know that when I was a little kid I would hear somthing on the radio and think it was cool to say .
My parents would'nt know what to do to me .
I kjnow as an adult i would'nt want my kids learning the stuff I did at such a young age .