Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @MONTH1 @CAPS3 , I am a student from @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 , I do think that certain materials such as books .
music , movies , magazines , etc , should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive because , some students read book on a daily basics and reading also keep some students out of trouble .
The @CAPS8 I say that is because if you find a book you might be interesting in the book and you might share @CAPS2 with you youger sisters or brothers to keep them from doing the wrong things .
Also some books that are offensive shows students to not do the things they see in the book .
Some books that are offensive show how people that do bad thing have to pay the cost and people can learn from other people mistakes .
Some books that are offensive show people what to do or what not to do so you wouldn ' t have to pay that cost from doing something wrong .
Also music can be offensive because of the curseing that some of the songs have in @CAPS2.The music is sometimes good to listen to because songs speak and takes action in a certain way.The offensive part about the music is that some music is calm music and @CAPS2 keeps you motivated inside and some music have bad vibes to @CAPS2 and can make you do bad things.Most of the time music can make you happy and you can undertsand alot in life just by listening to music .
Music is a description of life meaning that life is ful of offensive things but you have to be very selfcentered to understand .
Some movies can also be offensive because of the actions in the movies .
Movies are enjoyable and you can also relate to some movies in your own way .
At times movies can be very interesting because of the actions and drama in the movies .
The titles in the movie can also be offensive but that don't mean the movie is a bad relation in the story .
Magazines can also be offensive because of the things inside of the magazine .
Some magazines shows appropriate things that children and adults can relate to .
Also there are different things like activitys and things for family and freinds to enjoy .
Many magazines are different in there own way @CAPS2 depends on how the cover is and the person who created the magzine .
Some things are good about magazines because they show you posters of some of the super stars in the music career .
There are alot of things that can be offensive in the world but you have to learn how to seperate yourself from the negative things in life .
Also all things are not offensive because you can relate to some of the books and music that we here in these days .
The most important thing is that you don't have to listen what the magazines and movies are telling you because , you have a mind of your own .
People don't listen to what the books and etc , are going by because some of the things they are talking about is false information .
So thats why i say @CAPS7 i do believe that cartain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .
Sincerly , @ORGANIZATION1