Removing literature from a shelf should not be permitted just because you think something about it .
Everyone has different ideas and opinions about what is appropriate and what is not appropriate .
If you don't like a certain book or you do not want your children reading that book then don't take them to the library in the first place .
In a public library you have to be old enough to buy a library card to check out a book , so if you are old enough to have a library card then obviously you arent going to find a book that is innapropriate for your own age .
You @MONTH1 find a book that is immature to you , but you do not have to read it .
Men and women go to public libraries to learn .
If you want to learn about something that is offensive , then you won't beable to if one person comes along and doesn't approve of the book .
Is that fair ?
You tell me .
In a school library yes there should be a limit to what children can and can not read .
In a junior high school the standards should be different compared to an elementary or a senior high school .
In an elementary children are required to read as part of their academics , but they are not old enough to want to learn about something offensive , therefore they will not need those types of books in their library .
In a junior high school there should be a limit on the offensiveness but the students still have a right to know what is going on arond them .
In a senior high school students should have a right to read whatever type of book they please .
Magazines are a different subject .
Alot of times in magazines there are advertisements for smoking products or alchoholic beverages .
Those types of magazines should not beable to be read in a school library .
In a public library a person should have the right to read whatever he or she pleases .
In the end im saying adults and teens have a right to learn about whatever they like , but children should be young and innocent while they can .
You can not keep them shielded from commercials and people advertising these things themselves , but what you can prevent you should .
Nobody wants their children growing up too fast , but do not limit their growth .