Does censorship really helf or setback our libraries ?
Does it try to mask @CAPS7 really might be happening in this world or does it try to make you feel all happy about this horrendous place that you live in ?
To one person a book could be very offensive and to their neighbor it could have a whole new , opposite meaning .
Its all in perspective .
Personally , i think that taking out some of the 'offensive ' book in libraries could be a diaster .
In one book that we read this year in my @CAPS1 class was ' @CAPS2 @NUM1 ' .
This book was all about a distopia where people burnt books who didn't send the right message to society .
People were numb to feelings and that could be the outcome of censorship in the libraries around the @LOCATION1 .
Libraries are a place that sparks imangination for all ages and if you censor things out then how is that suppose to happen ?
Looking at books in the past that were defied as 'offensive ' and taken off of the shelves at libraries and banned to read in @CAPS1 class at school , were mostly about womens rights and @CAPS3 @CAPS4 .
Some of then just had bad words in them and others about dystopias .
If you took out all af those books that pertained to these topics how many books would you ave left ?
And for that matter , my best friend is an @CAPS3 @CAPS6 girl and we both have equal rights now and we both have jobs so @CAPS7 is the big deal with living in the past ?
Theres is also the fact that it is innevitable to get away from cursing everywhere you go .
All along the streets , in schools and sometimes even in church .
So if you are around it in real life then why can't you read about it ?
Now when people who are all for the cenorship in libraries say something to the affect of ' @CAPS7 about the children , i dont want them reading a book that i think is offensive , ' i say then cenor them .
Its your own choice on how you raise your kids but other parents think that you should have an imagination instead of the same old , same old .
Its good to have a varity of things to read that doesn't limit the brain .
All in all , i think people who would want to censor books are crazy and it could potentually be taken way out of hand and then a distpoia society would form .
Children should not be dissillusioned on @CAPS7 the world is and could be .
Think about that next time that you think a book could arise tension between people and think are you taking away rights of other