In the literary world of today it is never hard to find a topic that will interest you .
Science fiction , thriller , romance , how to build a car with household materials and many more topics all await you at your nearest bookstore or library .
With this vast array of topics it isn't that surprising that you will find some authors that have decided to go against the norms of society and write a book that is controversial in the ideas that it presents .
These books will often get put on a 'burn list ' or censorship list and will be taken off the shelves of the local libraries in order to protect the patrons of those institutions from those books ' ideas .
Many have argued that this is a way of keeping the society pure , but this censorship of literary works is probably one of the biggest mistakes a civilization can make .
Removing books from the shelves off a library is a form of censorship , which is a clear violation of the @CAPS1 .
In the @LOCATION1 , everyone has certain unalienable rights .
These were written out in our @CAPS1 as the first ten admendments to the @CAPS1 .
One of those rights is the freedom of speech , or the right to voice your opinion .
By remving a book from the shelf of a library , you are silencing the author of that book and thus taking away that author's freedom of speech .
This clearly violates the @CAPS1 and thus is unconstitutional and illegal in the @LOCATION1 .
By violating the @CAPS1 openly , this opens the door for other areas to be violated in the @CAPS1 .
The president is now a dictator , we are now a communist country , and many other actions are allowed , leaving the @CAPS1 as a scrap of paper with no meaning .
Without the @CAPS1 , the @LOCATION1 is just like any other country and has no direction .
This leads to a downward spiral of our society .
The silencing of the voices of authors also stops new ideas from coming in to a society .
Every year thousands of new books are introduced to the @CAPS8 public .
Many of these have novel ideas that help shape our society for the future .
If you take these books off the shelves , and out of the publics hands , you effectivly stop all change from new ideas in a society .
Nothing would ever get better , and the society would stay at the same level that they were when the censorship began .
Censorship can also lead to the downfall of a society .
In the novel ' @CAPS9 @NUM1 ' by @PERSON1 , the censorship of books has gone so far that all the great literary works of the world are banned .
Anyone who is caught reading a book that 'makes the think ' locked up or killed .
The main characters job as a fireman is not to put out fires , but to set books on fire that encourage people to think .
The censorship of that society had gone so far that no one did anything , they just sat at home and watched the television all day .
Many people will argue that pornography is something that should be censored out of society , but the problem is once you start censoring , where do you stop ?
Censoring out pornography would lead to romance novels being censored , which would lead to magic books being censored , and so on until you are censoring out @CAPS10 @CAPS11 or the @CAPS12 .
By censoring out the books and movies that make people think , you quickly lose all intrest in higher learning .
That is why censorsip can quickly lead to the collapse of a society .
Although censorship @MONTH1 seem like a good idea , it is really one of the largest mistakes a society can make .
It can lead to the silencing of all the voices of change in a society causing society to grind to halt and stay right were it is .
Not only is it determental to a society but it is also is clearly unconstitutional if you look at the @CAPS1 of the @ORGANIZATION1 .
So let us hope that all though we @MONTH1 play with the idea of censorship , that we never go down that winding road to no where