Throughout my life , I have seen many books that seem offensive to me .
However , they should not be censored just because they seem offensive .
I believe that books that are found offensive should not be censored .
A reason why I think books that are found offensive should not be censored is because what seems offensive to one person , @MONTH1 not be offensive to another .
Classifying something as offensive is an opinion .
Unless everyone in the whole world thought that a book was offensive , it should be able to remain open to the public .
Another reason why we should not censor books that are found to be offensive is because in our @LOCATION1 , we are given the right to express ourselves freely .
If we censored books that are found to be offensive , we would be violating this right .
This would not be fair to the people who wrote the books and to those who like them .
The next reason why we should not censor books that are found to be offensive is that if we were to censor every book that we found offensive , we would not have any books to read at all .
Books that some people like are found offensive by others .
For example , suppose a few people loved the @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 series but another person who read it later found it offensive and had it censored .
The people who loved the @ORGANIZATION1 series would now find the books the other person likes and censor them .
If this continued , we would have no books to read .
Another reason why I believe books should not be censored is because without offensive books , we would never learn from terrible mistakes .
Suppose every book relating to both world wars were censored and could not be read .
Sooner or later , no one would remember what terrible things happpened and history could possibly repeat itself .
Unless having books that seem offensive is worse than having the events we dread happen again , then books that are found offensive should not be censored .
I believe books that are found to be offensive should not be censored because without them , we would be violating the right to freely express ourselves and we would be allowing terrible things that happened in the past to be forgotten .
Without books that are considered offensive , we would not have any books to read at all