I think that everyone has different views on different things so I dont think that they should be because if they would be that would be against the first amendment where it says everyone have the freedom of religion and speech .
If you disagree with the book or whatever it @MONTH1 be you can just ignore it and keep walking and never have to pay any attention to it .
People these days are taking things way to far with their opinions .
People need to mind their own business and stop thinking the world revolves around them .
There several billion people in the @LOCATION1 and every person looks at thing slightly different and this should be taken into consideration when the get mad just because there is a book or movie on the shelf of the library .
For example I like movies with comedy and sometimes a scary movie but girls @MONTH1 not like scary movies and @MONTH1 like movies with droma or somthing in that line .
Just because we like different things doesn't mean we should have to put just a so certain kind of books or movies on the shelf .
Yes , there are movies that I dont like because they stand for things that are against my religion but I dont stand around and say no one should watch these movies because just because I dont beleive in them doesn't mean I should judge other people for it .
I know some people feel that everyone one should look at things the same way as they do and everyone should should agree and get along but that is not how it is and no matter how much you want people to agree and get along it will never happen .
I think people need to mind their own business and let people read , listen to , and watch whatever they want to and it should not affend anyone .
I know people like to think that they know everything there is to know just because they have their own ways and thoughts .
People like this you can argue with and you will never win the arguement and you can never get them to understand how you look at it .
They just think think my way is the right way and the only way .
This is the way I feel about people getting mad when there is a book or movie on the shelf that they dont not agree with .
I just think that evryone should try to undersatnd what you are saying and listen to you instead of ignoring you .
I feel this way but I am not a person that is tuck in their ways where you cant change their mind .