A colossal number of significant and life-changing books can be found in the millions of libraries throughout the world .
The big question is whether or not individuals should get rid of the books of lesser importance , and the books that are found offensive to a number of people .
In my opinion , there are a certain number of books wasting away on the shelves of the library that need to be disposed of .
That is why libraries need to discover which books are creating issues , such as books on race or religion .
Although Katherine Paterson boldly argues against taking books off of the shelves , I strongly disagree and believe that libraries should remove materials that are creating tension or books wasting away on the shelves .
Race is an extremely important topic in the world today , and I believe books that discrimate against certain ethnicity's need to be removed immediately from libraries .
@CAPS2 , there are exceptions to this proposal .
For instance , books talking about the civil war and underground railroad need to be kept in libraries because they are significant historical events .
Unlike fantastic books about our nation's history , there are also books about race that are of lesser importance , and they @MONTH1 offend people .
In that case , libraries need to crack down on this issue and remove offensive books from the shelves !
Secondly , libraries need to be extremely cautious about what music is made available to the public .
It is important that we teach our children the difference between right and wrong at a young age , and if the kids hear some of the derogatory music on the shelves , they will lose all sense of what is right and wrong .
As Katherine Paterson mentions in her quote , ' All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '
@CAPS1 , that same quote can easily apply to the music on display in the libraries .
By libraries exposing children to derogatory music , they are creating enormous liabilities for the children and their families .
Overall , our society would benefit greatly if libraries removed derogatory and offensive music .
Lastly , Katherine Paterson says that if we keep removing offensive books from the shelves , there will be 'no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS2 , that is a nieve comment as @CAPS1 as an exaggeration .
There are millions of libraries throughout the world and thousands of items in each of those libraries .
Therefore , it would benefit our society if we would dispose of the items creating the greatest amount of tension , and there is one simple but effective way of doing that .
When people are at the check out desk at the library , the library could have a sheet of paper asking if the customer found a certain book offensive .
If the same item appears regularly on the list , remove the item .
That would benefit everybody greatly because the offensive items would no longer be on the shelves , and it takes little effort from all parties involved .
In conclusion , I oppose Katherine Paterson's decision and believe libraries should remove offensive materials immediately .
One highly controversial topic is race , and if the book is not informing us about a historical event , it should be removed .
Certain derogatory and offensive music is available in libraries , and it should be removed from the shelves as @CAPS1 .
A quick and efficient way of figuring out which books are offensive is to have a list available to the public where they can write down which book they find offensive .
Ultimately , libraries need to take action and dispose of the offensive materials that pose a threat to our society