Do I believe that certain materials should be taken off book sheleves if found offensive ?
There are many answers to this question and many people have different views to the question .
For instance , you have to look at all of the different races , customs , and more of what people believe in to find the true answer .
Some materials are very offensive , but should they be taken off the shelves of our very own libraries ?
There are thousands of books in a library , and hundreds are written every single year .
These books range from romance , action packed , and scary .
Now many books are starting to be found offensive to our society today .
I have read many books and have not found hardly any book to ever be offensive .
There are offensive things in other matierals such as : music , movies , and magazines .
I do recall listening to music , watching movies and reading magazines and not liking what i was doing at all .
Some music today is just extremely bad .
From the fowl language and missinterpretation of words , music has become worse .
Some movies that I have watched are not very well either .
Movies can be offensive in many other ways than any other material there is .
You got the scary , gorry and the movies with all of the different sex scenes that are made every year .
This can teach the younger kids what is wrong and right , as well let them be aware of what life is about .
I do believe that all of these materials should stay on the shelves of our libraries .
Learning from books , music , movies , and magazines is good in a way .
Knowing that many things in this world today are offensive to people , I think that it can only make our society stronger to help us understand all of the different views that our people have .
Yes it can go in bad directions , but there are many ways to get people to understand what is right and what is wrong to push them to stride for the best .
Knowing that materials on our shelves are offensive , I still believe that the right thing to do is to keep them there .
Clearly people get mad and upset when reading , listening , or watching these materials , but this is what makes us who we are .
There will always be offensive stuff being said written and so on , but the way you can handle it yourself will show everyone around you that it is possible to change their own views of the offensive matter and look at it the better way .