In the quote that @PERSON1 wrote she talks about how books can be taken down from a shelf if it is too provokative .
This is a very interesting quote .
She talks about how things should be taken of the shelf to prevent the children from seeing it .
In everyday life there are things that are said in movies , music , and magazines that kids should never watch , hear or read .
Some movies can be way too provokative .
Directors try and cover them up , but we know what they are trying to get across .
Some scenes can get out of control and there is no stopping it .
People wish they could close their eyes and it would all be over .
When parents get movies they try and keep those scenes hidden from their children .
The parents do not want to get their child having bad ideas of what the movies are saying .
To many children take the movies to the extreme and try and act like the actors or actresses , and the children end up getting hurt from these actions .
Music is especially one to do this .
There are not a lot of songs in the world that do not involve language , drugs , or sexual content in it .
Many parents do not want them to be exeposed to that way to soon .
If people listen to this they might want to try it and end up going down a wrong path from these words that are said .
Mothers do not want to go get their child out of jail from doing something that was just like the song they like to listen to .
That is not a mothers dream to go and do that .
There are too many magazines that try and expose women .
They use this to try and see more magazines .
This is wrong to do .
A little while back a magazine took pictures of a girl and tried to expose her , this is just wrong .
Parents do not want their children to look at this and get the wrong idea .
When girls look at a model in a magazine they try and be just like the model .
They girls end up being underweight , sick , and maybe do drugs .
Parents if they see this should take the magazine away from them if it is not what they approve .
Some parents let their kids get away with too much .
They should censor what their children do .
Some kids will try and get around them so there is not helping them .
Everyones point of view is different .
People @MONTH1 think that this scene is to provocative and another person @MONTH1 look at that and say there is nothing wrong .
It just depends on how society feels about the whole situation .
If we were to take a movie or music down because of what they say then there would be no contents on the shelf