Libraries are a great resource for information all around the world .
They contain many different styles and genres of books .
Some might not be appropriate for young children to read .
There are people that debate whether or not some books are too offensive to be put up on library shelves .
I believe that no book should be denied of this right .
Most children that go to a library already know what kind of book they want and are with an adult at all times .
Most libraries have children sections .
Offensive books are most likely found in the teenager or adults sections , not the children section .
So , to my defense , there could really be no way that a child would seek out these 'offensive ' books anyway .
Children today are exposed to more explicit topics , but I doubt they would want to read a book about them .
Next , if a child goes up to the check out desk the librarian should be able to tell their parent or guardian that certain book is not suitable for that age of child .
Going back to my point of children usually go to libraries with their guardians , they should be supervised at all times while in a library .
If an adult cares that much about what their child reads they can easily decide what is offensive or not .
Finally , authors should not be punished for writing something they believe in or like .
They worked hard on writing and publishing their novels , they should be able to show them off .
If librarians do take off books for being offensive to some adults , a lot of books will be gone from the shelves .
The quote used for this essay explains this thought more thoroughly .
People should be able to read whatever they want , offensive or not .
Children being able to do this ?
Depends on the parent .
There is no way a child could check out an offensive book , take it home , and read it without their guardian knowing .
Yes , all parents do not care about what their child reads , so this could happen .
Just because some adults complained about books being too offensive for their children doesn't mean a revolt has to happen .
Those parents should just step up and be more strict about what their child can and can not read .
Some of the most 'offensive ' books out there are the very best to read .