Censorship has become a major part of the media now-a-days .
It is everywhere : books , movies , songs , and television shows .
The government is trying to make the children of @DATE1 less corrupt , but they will end up learning everything that is censored for their friends and peers anyways .
I feel censorship is a waste of time for the government .
Children learn mature information sooner than they should in @DATE1's society .
Censorship should be more for the media children and young teens pay attention to .
It should not be put into more mature movies and music , such as movies with adult content and rap .
Those are more of items for grown up and teenagers than for children .
If parents allow their children to listen to and watch that certain media , then they must feel their children are mature enough and know enough to not be majorly effected by it .
Censorship also ruins the quality of books , music , and movies .
Certain words help to better express people and their views .
If they can not use the specific word they feel describes them the best , it tends to ruin the quality of their character .
People can not be themselves when they have to watch what they say and are looked down upon because of their choice of language .
I , myself , am very free with my language and the inappropriate and vulgar things I say .
They are just a part of my nature and help me to be more expressive of myself .
There are probably better , more appropriate words to use when I am in public , but then I would not feel like I am being quite myself .
I think censorship is corrupting our society .
The government is trying to control us with censorship .
I am not one of those paranoid people that thinks the government is out to get them .
This just happens to be one of my opinions of censorship .
We should get rid of it .
It is changing the way people are and the way they feel they can act around others .
People have to be careful of what they say , and I feel that makes speaking and attempting to express yourself so much more challenging .
Censorship should be stopped before it ruins the quality of all the media .