How would you feel if your son or daughter saw a naked picture of someone , kept hearing bad words from a song that was in the library !
Would you really want that for your child ?
Thought a library was supposed to be a learning center , didnt know it was a bad place to be .
People have their own opinions in everything !
A lot of things these days are changing and it's not for the better !
Television , books , and music are becoming dirty and unenjoyable to people .
Please help try and help us stop this !
We don't want it getting to our kids , like it has to others !
Some people like these kinds of things with bad actions in them !
One thing that catches them is the beat , it just makes them want to start dancing .
Another reason why they like it is beacuse their friends like it also !
People these days are becoming more of followers than leaders like they should be .
When people grow up they usually have an idol whether its a singer , book writer , or actor .
When that idol grows older it most likely isnt going to be the same person with the same thoughts it had @DATE1 , they change for the worse most of the time !
They get caught up in drugs or the fame that it puts them in .
When that happens people loose than interste in them unless they think its cool !
It all just depends on the person !
Some people thrive off of these things !
Libraries are supposed to be for all ages !
If a kid finds something that was bad at a library and tells their friends or parents thats just putting down the library and they aren't going to want to go there anymore .
This is just hurting the library because it will loose a lot of their buisness .
Young kids these days are being expossed to a lot of more things that they should'nt be !
What little kids already know is sickning !
Hearing them say that they have boyfriends and girlfriends , and how they know bad words just at the age of @DATE1 !
It might have to do with the parents or the friends the kids choose but in my opinion it's right !
Kid's are growing up way to fast because of the things that they know !
Movies , music , books , etc .
are not like they used to be in the fifty's , even the eighty's , yeah they werent the best , but its gotten a little extreme theses days .
The words that they say in songs , the things we see in movies , and the picture we see in magazines are getting out of hand .
There should be a section that is blocked off only for eighteen and older that has all the bad things in the music , movies , and , magazine articles/picture .
People shoud have id's that they have to have to get into this section !
This is going to try and prevent kids from seeing what they are these days when they are at a young age .
This might not even work , but its worth a try !
The world is'nt a happy place anymore !
It's filled with violence , sex , drugs , etc .
Some parents don't care about the things that their child does , says , or sees .
It all just depends on the family .
Whether they believe in @CAPS1 or if they don't is another example of this !
It always affects ther actions and thought !
People try and do the littlest things , and they try and make a difference in the world .
That is what people need to do , not get involved in horrible things .
They need to get involved and stay out of these bad things ; seeing bad picture , hearing bad words , and watching horrible things in movies .
Try to make a difference !
dont be a follower because it's not going ti get you anywhere in life !
Everything counts !