In todays world there are so meny movies and books that it's hard to watch or read all of them .
They all have different look and ideas .
Every one in the world is not all going to like all of the same movies , books , and music we all have different testes .
That is why I think it wouldn't be right to just take the books or movies off the shelf .
I think they make so meny different types of ever thing becuse we do have different beliefes like relegen , class , and cultur .
Music , there is rock , rap , hip-hop , country , jazz , and the list goes on and on .
And if you just take it of the shelf becuse someone somewhere thought it was offersive we would not have music or any thing like that .
I don't really have to meny thing that I get offened by but I do know that I have seen some showes that were that way and some people I 'm guessing thought was funny .
Books , there are meny different gerens in that too just like music so if it has a bad work , or a rude annicdout some people @MONTH1 not like it .
Books are good to read .
It would be bad if they were all gone .
Then it would be hard to learn or teach anything .
Take for an example The @CAPS1 is one of the most read books in the world and if they just took it off the shelf becuse some people don't believe in it so meny things would change and releges are not going to be the same in any way .
That is the way is going to be with it all and most people do take offens to that .
The way i put it in my head is that if they don't like it they don't have to read , watch , or leasn to it .
Every thing in all of these bisnisses is in taking a resk .
Its all about how you look at books , movies , music , etc .
So I think that just taking it off the shelf would be a bad chose for this .
That is why we have our own free will and and make the choes that you want to good or bad , right or wroung .
You might not think about it much but thing like this do happen it might not be in your town but some where out there in the world it will be happening