How would you feel if you were forced to only enjoy the exact things that everyone else enjoys ?
If you were limited to only certain subjects because all of the other choices were thrown out you might begin to feel trapped .
Everyone in this world is different from the next person .
So I believe that each person should be able to read any book they would like without any restrictions .
Some reasons for my opinion are personal values , unique interests , and the fact that people should have a right to read the books that they like without judgement from others .
For my first reason goes along with personal values .
For example a person of higher authority @MONTH1 find a particular book , magazine , or movie inappropriate due to their values and beliefs .
So if this person is the owner of the library they would be able to throw out all books and movies pertaining to that topic .
This would make it unfair for the people who do enjoy these topics .
My next reason is that every single person has their own unique interests .
If someone begins to dispose of books that they are not interested in the library will lose all of the visitors that do find that topic enjoyable .
This can cause the library problems and be a disappointment to those who find reading about that certain topic a great way to pass time .
Everyone likes different things and has different views .
They should not be forced to read only the things that are selected by another person .
People should also have a right to read the books that they like without judgement from others .
I know from experience that being ostracized for doing what you enjoy is completely unfair .
If everyone did the things that every other person does our world would not accomplish anything out of the ordinary .
Many people find inspiration from books and movies so if these were limited to only particular subjects people would begin to feel pressured to be the same .
Every person should have a right to enjoy the things that make them happy without being hurt by the opinions and judgements of others .
Books should be something that each person should have a choice in .
If there are endless choices of books and movies a person could learn about many different things and develope a more open mind .
If everyone in this world opened their mind people would become more accepting of others .
So I believe anything that is published should be there for the public to read .
No one should be limited because of other people's values or interest .
The right to read the books , magazines , and watch the movies you like should always be present .