Many people , after reading a book , listening to a song , watching a movie or reading a magazine have found themselves upset or disturbed by that peice of media and feel that it should be removed from the shelf they found it on .
I feel that since everyone has their own definition of offensive and disturbing , that libraries and media centers should separate such materials from other books , magazines or @CAPS1 .
My opinion is that not everyone will find the same things disturbing or offensive .
It depends on that person's background , religion and personal beliefs .
I do not that think books , magazines or @CAPS1 shoulds have to be banned from library shelves just because that particular person finds that peice of material offensive .
If they find it so disturbing then they should discontinue reading that book or magazine , or listening to that @CAPS3 .
One person should not be able to make the choice of keeping a certain book or magazine on the shelf because somewhere out there , I 'm sure there is someone who does not find it offensive .
The partial point of writing a book or song is to express one's opinion of a topic and if the reader or listener does not approve of their opinion , then they should respect that director or author's thoughts and move on .
If a library or media center contains inapropriate books , magazines or moviees , they should create special areas or shelves to keep such material .
This area could be created for adult or mature readers , viewers or listeners .
I also think that books and other peices of media of such inapropriateness should have a label regarding its offensive or explicit content .
If someone finds a song , book , or magazine article offensive or disturbing ; I do not think that a single person has the right to have it removed from the public and that there are other ways to keep such material out of a reader or listener's hand , that @MONTH1 not know about its possible offensiveness .
If warning signs are shown , then the reader or listener should realize that they are taking the risk of being offended or disturbed .
If such measures are taken , I think they will keep all readers , viewers and listeners pleased .