I believe that censorship is rarely acceptable , and certainly not in libraries , at school or otherwise .
Censorship prevents knowledge from being obtained , spreading ignorance and intollerance .
Libraries and schools are meant to be places that encourage free thinking , discovery , and learning .
Censorship stops these things from occuring .
If people are prevented from reading what they want , then many will not read , period .
Not all children and teens are drawn to reading .
If there is a book that a reluctent reader shows interest in , then why would someone want to take it away ?
Because @CAPS11 or she finds it offensive ?
Because @CAPS11 or she does not agree with the views expressed ?
Neither are legitimate reasons for censorship .
Most justifications for censorship would not stand the test of time .
A great number of books challenged in the past are today considered classics and/or important works , such as To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 , @ORGANIZATION1 , The @CAPS3 of @ORGANIZATION2 , and @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @PERSON3 .
To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 and @PERSON1 were censored because of the racist language .
@CAPS12 language helps to set the time period in the novels .
Also , To @CAPS1 a @CAPS9 is about a lawyer who defends a wrongly accused black man in @LOCATION1 .
The main antagonist is an ignorant , rascist man .
The book itself is not racist , only the villian of the story .
Censorship for such reasons is different than not allowing a young child to watch something violent .
Preventing a child from seeing a rated @CAPS10 movie or reading a letter to @ORGANIZATION3 is a separate issue from censorship .
I define censorship as preventing someone from seeing or reading something due to personal views rather than for the good of the sheltered person .
Keep children sheltered when they are young , if one must , but as they grow older and mature , it is essential that they are allowed to mature in their reading , as well .
If someone lives their life reading only the books others choose for him or her and seeing only the movies and shows chosen for him or her , then @CAPS11 or she will not be his or her own person .
Living a sheltered life can catch up to people when they reach adulthood .
They will not have their own views , and will be largely ignorant to the world around them .
@PERSON2 said , ' @CAPS11 who destroys a good book , kills reason itself . '
@CAPS12 is what happens to people who have grown up among censorship ; they have very little reason .
Censorship can mold people , not for the better .
People who grow up free to read and watch generally what they wish can turn out differently .
These people can have views and values of their own , formed by , among other factors , influential books they have read throughout their life .
Many of these people better understand others , promoting tolerance .
Censorship takes away all of those wonderful qualities from people .
Anyone is capable of possessing them .
Censorship can not be seen as the norm .
Libraries and schools should allow children and teenagers to learn and grow.That is the purpose of the institution of education .
Therfore , censorship should not even be considered .
Students ' freedom to read what they desire should be the policy of all schools and libraries