The author Katherine Paterson makes a very good point when she states that there are books on the shelf that poeple wish that there kids or even there on self did not read or that people wish they did not read .
But if your were to take away ever book someone found offensive there would be hardly any books left in this world .
There will always be one person that finds a book that they do not like because of tone the author uses or if they do not like what they call eachother .
People all have there own mind sit to away that they want to live or how they want there kids to live .
Having books taken off the shelf because people do not like them would result in having no more books on our shelves .
I feel like if there books on the shelves about kids drinking then have bad effects on there life cause they did drink then maybe the kid reading it would stop drinking or not even try drinking .
The books about getting raped and them not telling becasue they are afriad of what would happening .
Then in the long run telling after they get pregant or injured from it .
Them saying that they wish they would have told might help the kids that this happened to or this might happen to might help them feel so relief and tell someone and save themself .
Books like these should not get taken off the shelf because one person does not like it , in the long run if they did take it off some could get hurt or not know what to do and it couls be all that one person that did not like it fault .
How would you feel if you did that to someone .
Maryrin @CAPS1 is a good Author that shows how something that you @MONTH1 think is good but truns out to be really bad .
Her books focus a lot on how girls need to watch what they are doing to keep themselves safe .
I have a friend that have parents that do not like the music on her ipod .
So she had to take it off .
Well with taking it off she made @CAPS2 of the songs that they did not like .
She drives so they music is always playing on the radio while she drives so she can listen to the songs that she does not have on her ipod .
That is just one example of how you will always get around listening to what you want to hear .
Music will always be out there .
There will always be songs that poeple do not like .
Either due to there religion or even if they do not like the words used .
But even if they stop putting songs on the radio there is still internet out there and people can just get there songs from there .
There are songs out there that should not be out there but the more someone tries to push the songs out of the world and out of people listening to them the more some kids or even adults are going to try to listen to them .
In the world today there are always a good and a bad song that is the same .
Artics now always have a bad song that they would have to make into a good song .
That is just how the songs go .
That is just how they use there brains .
No one can stop them .
Not even the people that publish the songs and put then on the radio .
In the long run of things the more people try to stop things from not being in this world the more people are going to try to get them .
It is a very bad idea to take the books off of shelves and take music off of the radio .
People need to hear what bad things can happen when you do not listen to someone .
A kid @MONTH1 grow up knowing not to talk to people they do not know but never really understand what bad could come out of it .
But when they read a book about a kid there age getting kidnapped they @MONTH1 understand more clearly on the whys in life .
So if I can say so myself I think that it is a very bad idea for books to be taken off the shelf because one mother or two dads think that book is not good for thier little girl or there teenage son .
They need to read it for themself and find out what really could happen if they did something like that .
Keep the books on the self .
Keep playing the some music .
Let your kids or grandchildren find out the danger on there own rather then you just keep telling them .
I am a teenage girl and I would rather read about it then having my parents tell me over and over agian .
So keep the books on the shelves .
That the radio play .
Just be safe in doing it .