Censorship on Libraries .
Do you ever walk into a library , walk up to one of those gigantic , cluttered book shelves and pick up a book that looks promising , and worth reading ?
Well , what happens if you go to read the summary of this unfathomably great book , and you just feel ... alienated , by the style that this book is written ?
Do you ever want to take that book off the shelf ?
Well , I do .
But , if everyone takes a book off of a shelf that they are uncomfortable with , there would be a miniscule amount , if any books to read at all .
Books based on @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 and even @CAPS3 can be a nuisence , because it segregates people .
When you go to the various sections of your local library , what section do you start sprinting towards ?
The adult section has tons of different genres of books , but what do you do when you find one about @CAPS4 ?
If you are a person of a certain faith , and you find a book that is making fun of your faith what do you do then ?
Nothing , because there is freedom of speech .
You @MONTH1 be uncomfortable about that book being sold in countries all over the world , but what if someone feels that same way about your favorite book .
This is a topic people have been 'debating ' for years .
Suppose you glide on over to an alienated shelf .
This very colorful book is just screaming for your attention ?
You pick up the book and come to find , it is talking about @CAPS2 .
That could make anyone feel uncomfortable .
I personally do not agree with making fun of poeple in this way .
Poeple are made to look different for a purpose , not to humiliate them but so not all of us look the same , and we can be our own person .
What would you do if you picked up a book , where someone is being teased about their looks , and @CAPS3 ?
Sure one joke can make everyone love you , but when one person is not very fond of you , well that speaks a thousand words .
Different genres of characteristics include ; being bigger or smaller , taller or shorter , having brown , blonde or red hair .
Millions of people are critised and teased relentlessly becuase they look just a little bit different .
Everyone has been teased once in their life .
It is not very funny to the person being teased .
Books based on @CAPS4 , @CAPS2 and even @CAPS3 can be a nuisence , because it segregates people .
I have written you this letter to tell you that I do not support some of the books on the market or the @CAPS9 @CAPS10 @CAPS11 , but if everyone felt this way there would be no books .
So I do not think we should take the books off of the shelves .
We just need to embrace the fact that everyone is different , and that is not a joke .
Where would the world be today , if we believed the same way we did years ago about these very topics ?
Do not take the books off the shelf , maybe one day it will signify what the world used to be