Knowledge @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you ever remove something that be misconstrued as offensive to someone , although you don't believe it is ?
Neither @CAPS2 I , and I dont believe libraries should either .
Removing books , movies , magazines , and music from libraries is unconstitutional , and it seems to lean toward controling how people think , known as communism .
Also anything can be found offensive by one party of people , and so everything @CAPS2 be offensive , and removed .
Then libraries @CAPS2 cease to exist .
What about in the court room ?
If one side of the story is not told , how will the jury be able to tell if the accused is guilty or innocent ?
Taking out certain 'offensive ' learning materials @CAPS2 leave people in a bored mindless state of mind .
Do you want the government controling what you think ?
I didn't think so .
In the @LOCATION1 , modern day @LOCATION2 , @PERSON1 did just that .
He decided exactaly what went in and out of peoples minds .
He did this by desiding what they could read , write , and listen to .
That sounds like things you can get at the library , right ?
We can't have the government controling what we think , and mostly all libraries are government run .
If we let them deside what we read and listen to , thats the first step in losing our freedom , and nobody wants to lose their freedom .
Lets say a white man goes into a library and looks at a book about racism , and how it has helped the nation .
Then , at the same time , an @CAPS3 @CAPS4 women goes into the same library and gets a book on why women are better than men .
Then they see each other , and the woman wants the mans book banned , and the man wants the womans book banned , and both the books are removed .
Then neither party is happy , because both of their books are gone .
The point is , anything can be found offensive , if you just glance at it , or look at it to much .
Plus if everything can be found offensive , and all of the offencive materials get removed , then all the books and learning materials are gone .
Noone is left happy .
If you are being tried for murdering someone , and the lawyer of the defendent gets to say their piece to makes it look like you are a murderer , and you don't get to defend yourself , what are you going to do ?
Your going to go to jail , most likly an innocent person , and your marked as a murderer the rest of your life , all because your side of the story wasn't heard .
That is unjust , unfair , and unconstitutional .
If we let this happen to our libraries , half the books will be sentinced to 'death , ' without a 'fair trial . '
So , if you want to have an un- @CAPS4 , communist , and unfair library system , that is your choice , but I believe that the way we do things now is just fine .
No book should be banned because of its material , because noone , except the writer knows exactally what it means .
People get to read what they want to read , and don't have to read what they don't want to read .
Thats what the freedom we have is , you have a right to read , watch , and listen to whatever you want , and nobody can stop you .
Do you want that to change ?
I know your awnser ; it's a no