A library is a place to rent books , music , movies , etc.
, that you don't have at your home .
Some people go to a library to use the computer for a project , or to check out books , musical materials , movies , etc .
@CAPS1 isn't a bad thing if the library has materials that are offensive to some people .
If people don't want to see material that will offend them then they shouldn't go to the are in the library that contains the offensive materials .
In my own personal opinion , @CAPS1 doesn't really apply to me if there is offensive material in the library .
If there is going to be offensive material in a library then you should be a certain age to rent @CAPS1 or read @CAPS1 .
Not just anyone should be able to walk into the library and check out these offensive materials .
If someone that is under this age tries to check out this material , then they shouldn't be aloud to have them .
Another opinion of mine on this subject , is if these kinds of material offend someone then they could not go to that area of the library .
Instead the person can go around this section of the library or they could not pay attention to the materials .
The library could make a certain part of the library made just for these kinds of material , so that people nor children have to see them .
Also , if a child wants to see these kinds of materials then they could find another way to see them .
They don't necessarily have to go to the library to find these kinds of things .
If a child wants to do something badly enough then they will find a way to do @CAPS1 , or in this case the child will see something that they want to see .
If parents don't like these kinds of materials in the library then they should teach their children not to look at these kinds of materials , if they catch their children looking at materials that are offensive then they should punish their child and let them know that they shouldn't look at those kinds of materials .
A library shouldn't have to take off their books , music , magazines , etc.
, just to satify parents .
If the library took these kinds of materials off of their shelves then they would lose business .
So in theory , libraries should not have to take their materials off of their shelves just to satisfy parents .
Libraries need money so that they can buy new materials and without customers they have no money which enables them unable to buy new materials .
So parents should keep track of what their kids check out at the library .
Offensive materials should not be taken out of libraries , these kind of materials should just have rules .