There is much censorship that occurs in the world .
Music on the radio , television shows , or the internet is all censored .
In todays society the library is a forgotten wonder to most , making it a secluded world .
The library is a place were one's mind can explore and discover as much as it wants .
The library should not be a place of restricted discovery , like on the televsion or the internet , censorship in libraries should be non-existant .
People learn from books ; books with happy endings , and sad endings , and gruesome endings , are all able to provide lessons for the reader .
Many say that history repeats itself .
Therefore history is taught in schools so that the bad events that occurred in history can be prevented .
This is the same for the books that are on library shelves .
When reading a book , the reader is able to experience the lifes of the characters as if they are living with the characters .
Through the experiences of the characters , the reader gets to observe all the things done wrong and right by that character without acually living the experience .
By the end of the book the reader will have knew views on life , and will try to not make the same mistakes as the characters in the book .
A major fear among the parents is the inappropriate language or scenes that @MONTH1 be described in books .
To be blatantly honest , there is foul language and inappopriate doings in this world .
It is much better to have it discovered gradually through reading and maybe a couple of life experiences , then to have it all thrown in ones face at one moment .
The censoring that occurs on the radio and television is fine , just when someone wants to improve themselves by reading , they should be able to read whatever they feel .
A library is a place of wonderous learning , but if there is censorship , it restricts ones learning .
Through reading one is able to experience life without the consequences of experienceing life .
All books are able to be learned from , and they should all have the opportunity to be learned from .