'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work i abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
Katherine Paterson said this about the topic of book censory in the library .
This is a very tricky subject because no one will ever be happy .
All books , music , movies , magiznes , etc.can be considered offensive to someone .
When it comes to books in the library we should have sections .
One for @CAPS3 , child , family , activity , romance , etc .
if we have thoes then it would cut down on what books children can look at .
One time I went to @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 and I accidently wondered into the @CAPS3 books section .
I knew that I was not suppost to go into that section , but if they had it marked that it was the @CAPS3 Books section then I would not have gone in there .
Parents need to moniter what there kids look at , or even what part of the library they go into .
If a child wonders into the romance section then they are going to see that kind of book it is not the librarys fault or even the fault of the writer .
If the parent does not want to moniter what the child looks at they could set boundries .
they could say 'Do not leave this section . '
.
If my mom said that to me i would stay around the child books .
The parents could moniter the child to solve the problem .
Library's need to decide what kind of books they are going to have in the library .
If the library does not have the kind of books you do not want your child to see then your child can not look at that book .
If your public library does keep thoes books in the open the parents could always go to a town hall and tell the mayor , librarian , or other towns people about the rude books .
If you tell people the library has that kind of books then others will stand up aginst the books .
If you do not like what the library has on the shelfs , suggest sections for the books , keep watch of what your kids look at , or tell someone that can do something about the problem .
What are you going to do to improve you public library ?
how are you going to make you kids not go and look at the books you dont want them to see