Censorship in libraries should not be mandated .
Censorship should not block the the 'allegory ' in some books that the author is trying to give a story within a story to the reader .
Censorship would lead to @ORGANIZATION1 just like in @DATE1 ' .
You could not the true meaning of an art piece that the artist is trying to show , so there could be no possible abstract art .
The word definition of allegory is a story within a story .
It is where the author is trying to show to the reader .
For example like in the book ' @CAPS1 of the @CAPS2 ' is an allegory .
It shows many storys tying in with each other .
When @ORGANIZATION3 dies on the side of the cliff by @CAPS3 when he launches the huge rock over board .
That shows the fall of man .
In the @CAPS4 where @CAPS5 eats the apple from the tree and that is why we sin .
You just can not censor such a great book .
Very many people would not like that book because it shows young boys being savages and killing each other .
Everyone needs to look at both sides of the story .
People need to know the true meaning of what is being said .
Art should not be censored at all .
Art is what makes people creative .
The way artists make things abstract that could kindle some controversy .
Also they make things that we use today that we just don't think about , that are utilitarion .
Who would give you the right to censor thier master pieces .
For example @ORGANIZATION2 had a dark period in his work and painted demon's in his paintings and people might think that is way too graffic .
People need to see why he painted such works of what was going on during his life at that time .
Censorship is @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 .
This would to a book called ' @DATE1 ' by @PERSON1 .
In his book he show complete govnerment @ORGANIZATION1 .
We as the people of our goverment would be classified as the ' @CAPS6 ' .
The @CAPS6 made the majority of the people and were not very smart people .
Also could not think for themselves because the @ORGANIZATION1 censored everything you could think of .
The @ORGANIZATION1 did this because so they would not have anyone try to be a rebel and over throw the @ORGANIZATION1 .
They knew that @CAPS6 could over throw them , but they were on top of their game and censored everying .
This is what would happen if we censored everything .
We all would have not personality at all .
No one could express love the way we do now .
Censorship would in libraries would not be the most best thing anyone should do .
No one would know what an author would be leading too , not a single artist could display their art .
Aslo censorship would lead to @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 .
This could not work in our society today .
So censorship is not the best idea anyone could think of .