'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 many people believe that certain books should be banned from schools , just the opposite is true as students can learn valuable life lessons from these books , get a deeper understanding of the past , and comprehend the true meaning of an author's unique style .
Over the years many well-written books have been on a 'censored list ' , meaning that they are at a risk of being removed from the library .
'The @CAPS2 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' , ' @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 ' , and ' @CAPS3 to @ORGANIZATION3 ' are all examples of books that have been marked down as being offensive .
These books are all written in a style of their own and can bring a different lesson to every reader .
While one reader @MONTH1 love the story and wear out the pages , another @MONTH1 get halfway through and never finish it .
However , the belief that there is freedom of choice in reading is correct .
'The @CAPS2 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' by @PERSON1 is a classic example of a censored book .
Throughout the book there is foul language used that is considered offensive to some .
However , at the period of time the book was written , these words were not considered to be wrong .
Books like this should be saved for older generations to read ; however , we also have to realize that if a parent allows their children to read that book at a young age , there is nothing that can be done about it .
None-the-less , removing the book from the library is not the correct response .
Ever heard the saying 'learn from past mistakes ' ?
Books are a fantastic way to learn about the past in a fun and enjoyable way .
They are a tool of knowledge .
Removing a book from a library is like removing hundreds of pages of knowledge .
Every story has a unique style , which @MONTH1 appeal to some and not to others .
Many books give readers a deeper understanding of what the time period was like when the book was written .
'
@ORGANIZATION2 ' has been a known censored book from the beginning due to its somewhat dark and gloomy aspects at certain points throughout the story .
How many kids do we see at school carrying around one of the ' @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 ' books ?
They often state that it is their favorite book of all time .
If the book were to be removed from the library , it would cause many students to never have the opportunity to read a fantastically written book , which has a unique style about it .
Throughout our twelve years of school , students are taught to think for themselves and make their own decisions .
How are we encouraging this if we are removing materials from their grasp ?
If we can not let students make such a simple decision as to whether or not to read a book , we are teaching poor life lessons .