Should we censor books in libraries ?
Katherine Paterson , an author , once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf - that work I abhor - then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 provides a very valid point .
If we start taking off book that we find offensive , there will be none left .
Books are meant to provide information and insight into someone's life .
If we take away that book , it would be like saying that person's idea did not matter .
The main reasons why we should not show censorship in libraries are a loss of insight , books , and personal creativity .
Books provide insight into the author's life .
Also the things that are happening in history affect the author's tone or style , like @ORGANIZATION1 .
During his lifetime , @CAPS2 was ruled by kings , so if he wanted to be successful , he had to appease the @LOCATION1 .
It also helped appeasing the @LOCATION1 since he was sponsoring @ORGANIZATION1's plays .
Another example of an author influenced by his time and upbringing would be @CAPS3 .
He was alive during the middle ages , and he constantly saw oppressive things like serfs .
When he wrote his tales , he made the high class people sort of mean while he made the lower caste people on the humbler side .
@CAPS3 was not afraid to displease the @LOCATION1 .
If we start taking off books from shelves in a library that we think are offensive then soon there would not be any as Katherine Paterson said .
Where one might find information , another might find it highly offensive and vice versa .
Every book would have someone say it was offensive .
It might be the context or the tone or even the person who wrote it ; it does not matter .
Sometimes the books that are the most informative are the ones that are offensive .
However sometimes it is good to have offensive things in books .
It builds the tone and mood of the story or character .
It might create a certain image .
It also teaches us not to what these people are doing .
The books sometimes show us a depressing ending of a person who lived a vulgar or criminal life .
These stories teaches us life lessons .
Yes sometimes I read a book that I find offensive , but I have learned that if I do not like does not mean someone else does not .
It would not be fair then to take off a book that someone might have learned something from just because you do not like it .
I am sorry , the world does not revolve solely around you and me .
It revolves us as a whole , and if someones starts taking off books , who is to stop someone else from doing the same .
It would not be fair .
Finally , if we started taking off books , it would start influencing kids in thinking it was okay to throw away someone's creativity .
It also make them think that there ideas would not matter and no one would be able to appreciate them .
I for one do not like doing things , if they might offend someone .
I could not imagine what it would be like in that type of society .
Books are important to have .
They teach us about events or people who were before our time or problems some people experience .
It is important to be aware of what is going on around you .
I grew up ignorant of big problems that were occuring in society .
My parents tried to shield me from the bad news and creeps in society .
Reading books is what opened my eyes to what life is really like .
So taking off books from shelves would have hindered the process of me growing up .
I would still be that ignorant little child thinking that life ends in a happily ever after .
Unfortunatley most do not , but there are some that have a happy life .
That is what books are for , to teach people about other people's experiences , the good and the bad .
So @PERSON2 was wise in her observation .
Who is to stop someone from taking off books once this processes has started ?