Lets think in todays known world the childern and teens have access to pretty much everything .
If you ask a teenager this same question should this stuff be tooken off the shelves .
They might say no .
If ask an adult how ever they are most likely going to say yes .
The music that surrond young adults and childern isn't the best .
Go ahead and listen you will be amazed .
If they have access to it then they are going to take it and borrow it .
I feel that most of the music and movies on shelves anywhere should be taken off .
Now thats just my opinion .
Even adults listen to this stuff and watch all of this stuff .
I say that the reason why people are failing school is because of all this stuff .
@CAPS1 you think about it they have so many rights that they shouldn't have .
If there is anything offensive then it should be tooken off the shelves .
They should be replaced with educational things .
Lets go back to where it all began back @CAPS1 everytbing started to come out .
Did you have most of this stuff growing up ?
You probably didn't .
But now you can find anything almost anywhere .
Which is kind of sad if you ask me .
Magazines however are starting to bcome more like movies and music .
Mainly with all the nudity and foul words that they show .
If you look at atheltes it doesn't matter who it is they get in trouble for things they shouldn't of said .
@CAPS1 they should be out teaching kids not to say this stuff .
That right there will help out educatiion and what not .
You can become a more responible adult by showing them whats right and whats wrong .
Starting with what they listen to or what they watch .
I 'm not allowed to watch current things and yet I do anyway .
Thats because my parents aren't giving me enough discipline and they didn't @CAPS1 I was little .
If you let a child grow up to listen and watch what they want the odds they might not do good in school .
One way you can help out is by hanging out with the chiold or childern .
Even teens .
Even though the don't want you too .
Talk to them make conversatuions teach them right from wrong , @CAPS1 you teach a child right from wrong the outlook on school will be better