When you are taking your little kid to the library because they want a book you think 'hmmm , there isn't anything bad at the library its all education books . '
@CAPS1 would you feel if your child wanted to check out a movie there ?
You would be ok with it because no one thinks there are bad images or movies at the library .
A little girl could be with her mom at the library in the adualt section and they could see some things you would not want them to see .
The romance books usually have girls on there half clothed and the guys in basically nothing .
A child could easily see that and not know what it ment but they would have theat image in there head for a very long time.Some of the kids could go up to the movies section and pull out a scary movie that shows blood and guns .
Its not just the kids seeing the stuff its everyone .
A teen could easily get a book and not be paying attention and see stuff about the other gender .
A couple could go in the library trying to find a good healthy funny movie , but could find a movie that would make them uncomfortable .
An older person could try to find some music from back in their time but when they get it , all of it is about drugs , sex , or even acohole .
The magazines always have girls half clothed , even in seventeen magazine .
The car magazines of girls modeling infront of the cars to make them look better or irristable .
You can get a baby magazine and it shows a mom breast feeding .
You could have jsut wanted to look at if because of the babies you or your child do not want to see a mom breast feeding .
The library is a very resourcful place and you can get very good information about things there .
They have some bad parts about them too .
I think they music that talks about personal things and bad things should be in its own little place .
Same with the magazines , movies and books they should all be in a room together away from all the rest of the items in the library .
They should have an age limit you have to be to be able to go in that room .
They should tell you what type of stuff is in there before you go in .
I 'm not saying the library is a bad place for kids or teens or anyone .
I just think that certain books , music , and magazines should be kept in a different place instead of out in the open where everyone can see them .