Libraries are stocked filled of all kind of reading materials .
Such as books , magazines , and catalogs , but are all of these appropriate for the crowd that dwindle around a library ?
My answer is no , but should they be taken away from the librabires , no .
Although many kids go through libraries so do many adults trying to find good pieces of litature , that is why they should keep these books available to most .
When i was in the seventh grade i recall reading a book , by the title of @PERSON2 , about a child who had gotten sexually abused , i wish i had never picked up that book .
Although it made me very frightened , it taught me a very good lesson .
I learned at a young age to never associate with strangers , and if it wasn't for this novel it could have been very different .
Therefore i believe it is good to get children at a young age small dosages of the real life , not every thing in the world is sugar coated like @PERSON3 would argue .
From @CAPS1 to the bible , there is a vast variety of litature .
This variety provides stories for many audiences .
The libraries try to do there best by catagorizing these books so that smaller children do not get there hands on the wrong books .
Instead of taking the books totally out of the repitoure , another suggestion that could be made is to have a system like they do for mature rated video games and only allow people over the age of @NUM1 to check certain books out .
This making it near impossible for children to get there hands on the wrong books .
Lastly , a suggestion that could be made is to label inappropriate books such as @CAPS2.Ds and movies .
This could make a small difference and make children think twice before opening up a book labelled for mature audiences only .
This providing stories for all , and protecting small children from magazines such as @CAPS3 .
Like Katherine Paterson said 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf ... then you also have the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
I percieve what she is trying to say is similar to what i am .
She wants all the books to be provided and kids just to be shyed away from these , and hope that children can make the right decision when choosing a piece of litature from a library