Censorship , a very sensitive topic .
@CAPS1 are so many things people dislike , so they censor @CAPS2 , hiding the idea's from the people who don't know about @CAPS2 .
I personally detest censorship .
I would rather the world be an educated place with minor dangers , then a place where everything is kept secret and safe .
You must be thinking , ' @CAPS1 are some things we have to censor , @CAPS2 can harm our childrens minds . '
But in truth , your children will find out about @CAPS2 in the real world eventually anyway .
In reality , drugs , alchohol , sex , rape , violence , and all the other things you censor are common things that your kids will hear about .
Most children first hear about @CAPS2 in school , normally elementary , and if not they will definately find out in junior high .
If they will eventually find out anyway , wouldn't @CAPS2 be better to let them find out the easy way ?
Now you must be thinking , 'But if they find out too young , @CAPS2 could tramatize them . '
That is a risk , but most teenagers are more tramatized anyway when exposed to @CAPS2 without any prior knowledge .
If they already know what their dealing with they would know how to react , but if they have no knowledge of whats going on they could make a major mistake without even realizing @CAPS2 .
Once again , wouldn't @CAPS2 be better they find out from you or a book , then find out the hard way ?
Now , you @MONTH1 be thinking , 'Our children must be protected , this knowledge could just put them in more danger . '
@CAPS2 @MONTH1 put them in more danger , @CAPS2's always a possibility .
The world is full of possibilities though , anything could happen .
This knowledge that you always hide from them @MONTH1 be what they need to know later on , and wont know when they need @CAPS2 .
What would they do if they see their friends start doing drugs , and since they have never heard of drugs , they don't know @CAPS2's a bad thing to do ?
Or if they see older kids drinking , and are offered a drink , but dont know they shouldn't take @CAPS2 ?
Or if they wind up kissing someone they like , and @CAPS2 goes too far , but they don't know what their doing ?
Anything could happen , and your children need to be prepared .
If they don't know of these things , they can't tell if what their doing is good or bad , and they @MONTH1 wind up getting in trouble or hurt .
Tell them , or let them read the books you always censor at the libraries so that they know .
Life is full of risks , so let them know , that way when the time comes their ready .