As I walked through @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS1 as a young girl I saw a @CAPS2 magazine book , seeing this and being a girl that likes reading that magazine I opened it .
I soon found out it was a book that I would never actually read .
I found my self embarrassed and wondering why they wouldn't make it clearer that it should be censored .
I think that censorship in libraries and book stores is a good thing .
Yes , kids need to learn about relationships and intimacy , but that is their parents jobs .
A @NUM1 year old girl should not be able to see an inappriate movie , magazine or book when ever she wants because we need to teach them ourselves .
Censoring magazines gives children a chance to find who they are not what the world wants them to be .
Censoring the book helps by keeping small children 'sheltered ' they don't have to know everything by age ten .
It gives them time to grow up themselves .
The movies that are made give a false out look on what sex and intimacy really is .
You flip through magazines and see child stars everywhere feeling the pressure to grow up .
They think they have to dress like an adult and act like one too .
Children see this and think that if @PERSON1 acts like that so should I .
The magazine industry really hurts children in the long run .
They put the super skinny model in a barely there bikini .
Sports @CAPS3 prides its self on that .
Maxim has the ' @CAPS4 @NUM2 a bunch of @CAPS8 laying around in clothes that barely cover them .
The boys all think that its @CAPS4 and that that's what every girl is supposed to look like .
They get the @CAPS5 magazines and drool over how the center fold looks .
Letting small children see this makes them think that they have to dress and act a certain way .
It makes them think of you dress like this when you get older you can get all the boys too .
Today there are so many books on how to keep your man happy , how to spice up the bedroom , @NUM3 things to try in bed tonight that a child could just walk and see .
Many of these books have images of how do this and that .
That it could really make a child and his or her parent ( s ) feel very uncomfortable .
When yougo to @ORGANIZATION1 and @CAPS1 or any book store they have a relationship , love section that are all these kinds of books .
Many young people @MONTH1 think love , oh I bet that's @CAPS7 or a @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 book .
They see the cover that intrigue them .
They think oh this girl is pretty.Censoring these books can give an ease to kids and parents .
The kids can just grow up the way that they should .
Now movies give a very large false pretence on what sexual intercorse really is .
They see the people do all these things and they think that its normal and you don't have to worry about a thing , but kids here's the kicker sex is not just sex .
When you have sex you have to make sure you are safe .
This isn't just fun and games .
In @LOCATION1 today many young @CAPS8 get raped .
Does it show that on the movie no it doesn't , many young @CAPS8 as little as five go around thinking about how awful it was to raped , but yet we set back and let pornography be made .
Pornography is false , @CAPS8 don't just look at eachother andget turned on .
Sex is never going to just be sex , and by censoring the movies kids don't get that idea before they really learn and have the knowledge of what sex really means and is .
Censoring is something that I strongly believe in .
To this day my parents still make sure the movies we pick are appropriate .
Parents and children can learn about sex whenever they want , but some parents choose to wait .
By putting those movies and those books in a separate area it gives parents the chance to teach their kids , and the kids time to grow