Katherine Paterson wrote , `` If I had the right to remove that book from the shelf that work I abhor~~ then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else . ''
quote.Having the right to do something is a part of freedom of speech almost .
Its believing in your decesion or choice you have made .
If I were to reflect my views on censorship in libraries , we all would have that same oppurtunity to state our opinion about what we feel should not be included .
There could be unappropriate books in the library that we absolutly would not want our younger group of siblings reading .
The best thing is to ask ourselves , Should we have the right to take our kids freedom an right to read , listen to , updated media and publications from them when we had it ?
Should we put a censorship on the libraries really ?
I feel that censoring a library would not be nessarry considering a library is a manual guide of history .
Our libraries or organized from A to @CAPS1 in authors names , seperated from non fiction an fiction , cd's seperated in one section , movies one section , magazines , and adult books from children book seperated in diffrent sections .
Libraries all across the world has had a kid that might have choose a book that was not appropriate for them to read but what kid hasn't .
What would a book hurt them if theres plenty of bad influces , peer presure , violence , and sexually publicity everywhere and @PERCENT1 in the media .
It would not be fair at all for us to rob our kids of the chance to read and learn from books .
I feel no we should not take our learning form our babies .
Growing up as a kid I loved being able to go to the library it helped to enhance my vocabulary , spelling and which I learned plenty new words .
Books I read growing up wasn't perfectly @NUM1 but I could relate to alot of books I choose as a kid so no I feel we should not censor libraies we need them to be a fun place to our children and us to go to for learning , fun , confort and etc .
We can't take that from our generation it just would not be right .