Having offensive books and movies in a library shouldn't be allowed .
If you were in a library and you saw a book or anything that you took offensive , more than likely someone else will find it offensive too .
So , by eliminating the problem before anyone else sees it , will reduce problems before they even happen .
Now , more then ever , you will find offensive things in libraries .
More people get offended by lesser things now .
One reason to have a censorship in libraries is that , if you had a child , would you want them going to the library and seeing derrogitory writings and movies ?
I would be very upset if my child had to see that .
It's teaching them different values and it's teaching them that since it's in a library it must be okay to do out in the community .
For example , if the library has a book or movie about doing drugs or anything sexual , they 're going to look up to that and more then likely do those things , which they could end up harming themselves or others .
If the goverment provides the taxes for the libraries , doesn't it show that our goverment doesn't care about the offensive items on the shelves ?
It gives them a bad name .
If we look to our goverment for support and answers .
How would we feel if they had no judgement about the offensive things in libraries ?
It would seem like they didn't care and that might cause panic throughout the country.Which would cause many more problems then needed .
It would be a easier thing just to censor our libraries .
If our libraries weren't consumed with negative and offensive literature , we would have a lot more room for things of greater value .
We could have books and movies that are educational and will actually teach a person something .
Rather than , lead them into making bad decisions .
There are plenty of other sites and places you could get a book if you really wanted it .
Not just the library has books .
You could find one quite easily if you tried .
If a library does have offensive things , I think they wouldn't have a large variety , so it would be a better decision just to look for it elsewhere , where you could find a larger quantity of the subject you are looking for .
When I go to the library , I go there for educational books , not books that teach kids how to 'fill a bong ' or 'different sex postitions . '
I highly disagree and I think it's a negative outlook on our society by putting those things in our future generation's hands to read .
So by putting censorship in our libraries , not only will calm down some of the problems that are re-occuring in our communities , it just might eliminate the problem completely .