A lot of people believe that books are useless and should not even be on a shelf .
Well I believe that no book is useless nor should it be removed from shelves from any library .
All books are worth something toward anything like careers , and being able to learn new things .
Magazines @MONTH1 not be any help towards alot of things like books are , but they are something to entertain you .
Music is not just something you listen to , but its something to help keep you nice and relaxed while you are reading a book .
Movies can have a certain impact on someone ; alot of people think movies are just entertainment for them to watch , but it could have some encouragement , or it can really show how a person acts if you really pay attention and look into what the movie is saying .
No book , magazine , music , or movies should be taken off shelves because they are not there for you to read or listen to or watch , but those things are all there to tell people something about things people do not even know .
People should take a second look at how all of these things can really affect a persons life .
More books , magazines , music , and movies should be put in the libraries of school , or even the public libraries.The more people read , watch , or listen to these things the better they @MONTH1 understand life .
I have noticed from experience that people just go to the library and read a book just to relax , but yet at the same time those people really do not understand what they are reading .
Its really a shame that people do not look into what they are reading , thats why it would be important for more books to be put on the shelves .
Just like Katherine Paterson said : 'If I have the right to remove that book from the shelf , the work I abhor , then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
If people really understood what that quote really means then they would have a better understanding of what books actually mean in life .
We should be thankful to have authors like Katherine Paterson in our life because these authors are there to help us understand the meaning of these amazing books in this world .