I think that some material should be removed from the shelves if they are racist or contain unsightly images .
But that brings up the question about racism almost all of the classic books have some form of racism in them such as To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 @CAPS3 that book uses the @CAPS4 word to describe african americans , but when that book was published that was common talk now people look at you like you have just murdered there first born child if youu were to use that word .
For the most part though books are not all that offensive at least none of the books I read .
I know that there are books and magazines such as playboy and maxim that are offensive to women and have probably cause a lot of breakups and divorces , but they have laws on who are able to buy things like that .
I know that kids still have a way of owning magazines like that but they are a small percentage of the kids .
I know that during @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 over in germany many books were banded because they had something to do with catholicism or something that @PERSON3 believed was bad and not what he believed was the perfect race .
I know that for a short time alot of what @PERSON2 wrote was banned for using the @CAPS4 word but people have to realize that when @PERSON2 was alive that was everyday laungage .
As for me being catholic there is a codex of forbidden books that is a list of books that I am not supposed to read as a good catholic .
I have no idea what those books are and what got them on this list but they must be very rude and vulgar to be on this list .
I can see how some of those books could be banned .
As for music I think that the only music that should be banned is the kind of music that talks about killing police officers and hurting the people that are trying to make our country a safer place .
I know that all of this rap genre is what my generation is into even though I dont see why kids like that kind of music .
I also think that music produced by the arian brotherhood should not be allowed in libraries because there music is overtly racist .
I dont think that movies shouyld be banned form the libraries because of violence or anytning of that nature .
I do think that the movie should be banned if it contians anything of the nature of pornagraphy but they do not let those kinds of movie in the libraries anyway so they are a step ahead of me .
I do have to agree with Katherine Paterson on what she said that if I have those rights then everyone else does to and there will be no books on the shelves because someone will find that offensive then someone else will find something else offensive and soon eventually there will be no books left on the library shelves .
My view of what I think is offensive is very relaxed compared to other's I do not get offended at a lot of things