Don't you hate when you come across a book that you wish was never written ?
I 'm sure we all come to that point in our lives , constant readers , or not .
Like a qoute i once read , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf then you also have exactly the same right and so does everone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
- Katherine Paterson , Author If you ask me , I think there should be a certain autority to these books .
Maybe if we could make a petition and have at least @NUM1 people sign it then the book could be removed .
All of this goes for music , movies , magazines , even bibles in librarys .
I 'm not saying we should make a law that says if one person dosen't like something then no body should have the right to have it .
But as a public if enough people all agree we shouldn't have something then maybe its best that we dont .
We all worry about our children , having to keep a constant eye on them making sure there not getting into something there not supposed to be in .
Same goes with books and movies , even music and magazines nowadays , and for certain people , even bibles .
Now dont get me wrong , I 'm sure we all know that when a child goes to a library and trys to check out an 'inapropriate ' book then the checkout counter will deny the child and take the book .
But just think for a minute here , That doesnt meen the child cant go into the library find a book and just read it there .
Theres also the senario where , mind me it @MONTH1 not be your child but with todays crime records then this is very probable , the child could grab a book , magazine , even a film and just steal it .
In the long run there are many things we can do to prevent things like this from happening .
There could be an adult section of the library , not just for ' @CAPS1 ' rated books or films but just a place where we can keep all the books we dont think children should be reading .
Still we should definately have the option to petition off books we don't think our children should be reading .
Think what you will but this is my opinion of library censorship , hopefully its yours now too .