Libraries are a place for everyone ; from young children , to the eldery , therefore there is material to suite all ages .
When you go to a library you assume that no matter what kind of book you are wanting to read , they will have it .
From personal prefrences , to school research projects , libraries should have it all right ?
Well some libraries want to take that concept away .
A library has books on nearly all subjects .
That is because of the individual differences of the people that go to the library .
Someone of an extremist religion group could be going there to read on something of their religion .
If a strict @CAPS1 would happen to find a book on the extreme religion they could be offended .
That situation could go both ways though .
Because of the individuality of people and different beliefs and customs we are all going to appreciate and depreciate all different kinds of literature .
Most of the libraries are big enough to be sorted into sections .
There are sections for young adults , mature adults , children , non fiction , fiction , science fiction , and so on .
If a child ventures off to the mature adult section and flips through the pages of a book that is above their maturity level , then that is the childs fault .
The mature people who can handle the content of more adult-orientated books shouldn't be punished by the library removing all books of that content because a child didn't stay in their designated area .
With different cultural beliefs comes different beliefs and views of everyday things .
Some readers could strongly disagree with a book and others could recommend it to all of their friends and family .
One book to one person could mean something totally different to another .
It could be understandable if there were books about sex , for example , right next to the childrens ' books , but that isn't the case in most libraries .
Libraries could even have a restricted section that warns readers about the content of material in the books in that specific area .
Books in libraries are wrote for multiple kinds of people .
Age , gender , religion , maturity , race , political beliefs , and so on will all effect the way you take to a book .
Whether or not a book appeals to you is about your beliefs , values , or customs .
With that being said , why would a library take away books that only a certain percentage of people will disagree with ?
Taking away books of a certain subject could upset people that like that type of book or it could even pertain to their everyday lives .
A library is a place of knowlegde .
It is filled with facts , beliefs , theories , and opinions of people .
Wouldn't removing someones opportunity to read into a subject be revoking the author and their freedom of speech ?
Just because of a controversial subject or mature topic shouldn't mean that people shouldn't be allowed to read it .
If people could only read certain literature that someone else is deciding whether or not it is okay to read , then where is their freedom ?
A library is a place for everyone .
It has all different kinds of books for all different kinds of people .
A libraries interior could be arranged to that the young children aren't going to find a book about sex near their kid books .
Taking away certain books pertaining to controversial subjects isn't fair to those who don't disagree with that topic .
A library should be a place of balance .
A place where someone could read on anything they want to , not what certain people think they should or shouldn't read