I believe everyone has the right to voice there own oppinion on life .
If we censor ones books , music , or movies because they are inapropriate , it would be like silencing an oppinion that stands out among the others .
If we silence the author and there story or song how will we be able to view life in another persons view ?
In the @ORGANIZATION1 we have the freedom of speech and press .
these amendments make it so that otheres can voice an oppinion with out being shot down .
Although we have the amendments there are still restrictions on what we are aloud to publish .
Say we found a diary writen by @PERSON1 ?
Are we aloud to view his deepest darkest thoughts ?
or Are we going to say that it is too dark and depressing for the average person's eyes .
His ideas are different , does that mean we shouldn't show them ?
no we should show them , we need to educate people that there are indeed different ways of viewing life .
I believe that no matter whos ideas it is , if aloud by the author , should be aloud to be read and comprehend in our own way .
If one wishes to learn about how to murder in a @CAPS1 then i think they should be aloud to do so .
The reason why ; The @CAPS1 is becoming absolete , the technology era is officially here .
There is not a thing we can't find in @CAPS1 that can't be found online .
Although the @CAPS1 is a government run facility , many people will go elsewhere to find the materials wanted to view the censored media .
It is true that if we allowed 'censored ' material into a @CAPS1 a child could find it .
But like the internet you can block things from those kids .
All voices need to be heard , even if it is racist , sexist , biest , or just insane .
these are ways to view the persepective or the reason behind hate and war .
if we can learn from other mind sets through books , music , movies and movies , then i think we should be aloud to .
Nothing should be blocked from the public .
Every one has the right to voice there own oppinion through there own way .