KEEP @CAPS1 ON THE SHELF !
I think we should not get rid of any books that are in the library .
If we did that then there wouldn't be any books left .
The only thing we should be worried about is the rated @CAPS2 movies .
Yeah those can be taken out of the library .
If one book is offensive to someone , then dont get it , but someone else might like that book .
For example , an older woman is looking through this magazine , and she sees this teenage woman taking drugs , or being half naked .
Although the teen sitting right next to her likes that gossip .
We shouldn't get rid of any books because then we would only be down to one genre .
There wouldn't be any categories left in the library .
A good idea is to separate the books , put the ones that seem offensive in the back .
keep the childrens books away from the big mystery horror books .
Another example is this .
A student goes to the library to work on a history report over slavory , but there isn't any books on slavory because somebody thought it was offensive against african americans .
I understand that there is reasons why some books are taken out of the library because of some sexual content .
Children do not need to be around those kinds of books .
Or some books being taken out because of religious belifs .
like one book being taken out because it was about worshiping the devil , or something .
The movie situation i understand .
I wouldn't want my little daughter walking up and grabbing something that has a sex scene , or drug content in it .
You can take those off the shelf , but wait , right there is another example of why it shouldn't get taken off the shelf .
Just because i want it off the shelf doesn't mean everybody wants it off the shelf .
Then the libraries movie business would be over .
To sum everything up , nobody should choose what should be in the library and what shouldn't .
Personally i think that there should be a variety in the library .
If not everybody would get bored of the same books .
Over and over .
KEEP @CAPS1 ON THE SHELF