Whose to say what is appropriate for whom ?
whose to judge right and wrong for anyone ?
It depends on a point of view like most things .
The sheltered must learn one day , and if kids learn now about the truth , such as , not to stick forks in outlets , then they won't be as curious when they are older .
Being sheltered is not always a good thing and censor ship of what we read , watch , or listen to is ridculous , and disrespectful to authors .
In matters of censorship , I find it to be pointless .
Censorship doesn't prevent your kids from learning about anything , except mother won't let me watch that .
it just keeps your kids more curious and more obligated to hide things from you and like they can not ask you questions or be open and honest with you .
Causes children to go behind your back more and when they 're in trouble they 'll as if your they 're last place where they can ask for help , where you should be they 're first resort .
No , I do not believe that libraries should censor anything .
Its altering a authors work .
How would it feel if you had written something and it had been published and was in the library and didn't like something about it so they decided to just bleep it out or not allow certain people to read it ?
I believe censorship should be illegal not required .
Sheltering things from kids prevents them from maturing , and discovering the real world .
The idea that the world has no evil , or hiding the evil from your children will in most cases cause them to rebel and in other cases leave them unprepared for the future and the real world .
Wouldn't you rather be able to help your kids and teach them about things instead of tell them that everything is perfect and only bad people use that kind of language .
Or make them feel like a bad person for do something your grandparents did when they were young ?
I conclude that censorship is injust , unfair , and is the real wrong .
Not the profanity or the violence that will one day be apart of their life in some way .
You don't go through everyday in the 'real world ' with a mindset of there's nothing wrong in this world .
Or everything is censored and everything is controlled I believe censorship is just another way of controlling the mind through nuture