I believe that it is unnecessary to remove items off shelves for offensive reasons .
I feel this way for several reasons , but three in particular .
First , it @MONTH1 be a book , movie , or magazine that someone plans on reading , and removing an item will let down the customer .
Second , @CAPS1 are many solutions to try out before taking an item away .
Last , customers have to accept some decisions a business decides to make .
First , it @MONTH1 be a book , movie , or magazine that someone plans on reading , and removing an item will let down the customer .
People come to libraries to look at what they 're interested in to entertain themselves .
@CAPS1 should be all types of literation in the library for all types of people , because everyone doesn't think alike .
Everytime an item is removed off of a shelf , @CAPS1 will be an unsatisfied customer .
Second , @CAPS1 are many solutions to try out before taking an item away .
Libraries always have some type of organization .
In order to not offend anyone , items should be divided into their own categories inside their own sections .
This solution will prevent anyone from seeing something that offends them .
If that doesn't help , librarians should post a sign stating what type of objects are inside on the front door , so everyone knows before they enter .
Last , customers have to accept some decisions a business decides to make .
A customers ' needs and wants should be met at all times , unless a customer is trying to run the business as if it was their own .
If a particular library chooses to have certain types of items , because they know what what readers ' like , then no one else should involve theirself .
If I owned a library , I would be upset if a customer removed a book off a shelf , because they would be interfering with my business .
In conclusion , I beleve it is unnecessary to remove items off shelves for three reasons .
First , it @MONTH1 be a book , movie , or magazine that someone plans on reading .
Second , @CAPS1 are many solutions to try out before taking an item away .
Last , customers have to accept some decisions a business decides to make .
I believe I expressed my opinion to the fullest .
Although some people @MONTH1 disagree with the way I feel , I 'm sticking with it .
@CAPS1 defintly wouldn't be any books left for any of us if items were removed for offensive reasons .