Are there universally evil books that no one should read ?
Are good and bad no longer matters of opinion for the readers themselves ?
The answer is no .
Censorship is a terrible practice masquerading as a boon .
The right to read certain books should not be left to a conservative few , because everyone has their own opinion about everything .
There is always something we can potentially learn from books , and it's never right to take that away .
Freedom of speech should certainly come into play here as well , allowing the authors ' words to be heard without interference from those who would dictate what we read .
There is a reason libraries have many sections .
They have to cater to the individual tastes of the masses , without regard to what other people find offensive .
If one was to go through the library and burn every book they did not like , there would be scarcely anything left .
Send in another person with different tastes , and then you have a completely empty library .
It is far better to leave all the books alone so that everyone can find something to enjoy reading .
Basically , there are bound to be people who have similar opinions to the author of just about anything , so allow the authors to share those opinions .
Then we have the knowledge portion of the issue .
Offensive material to one person might be what another person wants or needs to read , whether for recreation or class .
There is much to be learned in the way of psychology and human nature from almost any writing .
Perhaps a restricted section would be in order if the problem would involve corruption of innocent minds , but a full censor would never be necessary .
Finally , there is an amendment in the @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 for preventing censorship .
It is unconstitutional to restrict any form of expressive speech , whether it be books , movies , music , or magazines .
And what is more restrictive to an author than to have their books banned ?
The greatest difference between our country and a totalitarian government is the simple freedom allowed in the @LOCATION1 .
If we start restricting that freedom , what are we then ?
In short , censorship is a harmful practice that should never be used .
People all have their own opinions , all media can be learned from , and our freedom should not be restricted .
The practice of censorship is what should truly be banned from the shelves .