Dear @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 is it safe to draw the line on what kids should or should not see as far as the world is concerned .
What makes kids behave better , being sheltered from life or being life smart and knowing what is going on in this world .
I think its safe to say what we do or do not want our kids to do , say ect .
But in other terms do we have full conrol of our kids @NUM1 .
I knw that this might sound wierd but I strongly believe in the simple fact hat kids are being over sheltered to day !
Our kids are groing up with the new technology .
Its the centry for computers and laptops and gaming systems .
Our kids dont know what its like to go out side anymore .
The world has so much to offer us yet , we turn it down beacuse we see what all the new advances have to offer as well .
I think it is very important to be books smart as well as street smart , if you spend all your @CAPS3 doing one thing at at @CAPS3 you are gon na end up lacking on one thing .
I blelieve grades will come .
I think that our kids are over sheletered for the simple fact that when our kids see something that we dont want them to see , or there not ready for then there not allowed to see it it , but whos to say on the days your not watching them that there not going to go in the real world and just see exactly what you didnt want them too !
This is why its important for you to teachyour child what is going on in the world and noth leave them in the dark .
Also we are living in the new age of life , were computers and laptops are the number one thing in the world right now for people to be usign and on throught the day .
It is hard for kids to understand the realness of life since ever thing is done over the internet now .
It is a privilage to be so far advanced in the world yet we still dont know what to do !
As we get older we are not gon na know nearly as much stuff as need to be known and taught beacuse as we get older were gettomg , more logic and more information over the materials on the web .
Kids will not know how to fix cars or know to start up a lawm mower .
I think that books should not be taken off te shelf beacuse as the day goes by kids reality is getting taken and taken more and more !
I think that it is a big deal what kids learn about the everyday life becuse that is our future and if they have no idea what is going on and it scares me beacuse the are going to be alot more battles for our kids to fight we just have to teach them all that we can and hope that they become the best people they can be in life !
Thank You for Your @CAPS3 !