Censorship in @ORGANIZATION1 has been around for as long as their has been the various mediums of art .
In many cases the censorship @CAPS9 of what many would agree as not suitable material for anyone to create and enjoy .
But then in other more serious issues that the censor has deemed not suitable for a certain audience , or even to a whole country .
What @CAPS9 it that gives a select few the right to ban any given number of imaginative creations , even if they are in some aspects more lued in nature ?
Censorship has and @CAPS9 still a very usefull tool that many governments employ to accomplish a wide variety of tasks , considered to ensure the 'safety ' of both our minds and bodies .
Some of the more widely know cases of this most despicable tactic of control come from the countries of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @LOCATION3 , @LOCATION4R , @CAPS3 @LOCATION5 , and @LOCATION2 .
In these countries all materials that are deemed potentially hazardous to the wellfare of the @ORGANIZATION2 are heavily policed and in many cases destroyed .
The most noteworthy instances of this occured in @LOCATION3 , where the @CAPS4 would gather up large amounts of books from the people and burn them in massive rallies .
The people were so enthralled by the @CAPS5 leadership that they would often times freely relenquish their books with no resistance , and in some cases join in and throw the books in themselves .
The same thing @CAPS9 still occuring in @LOCATION5 today , wtih a censor still on their internet surfing possibilities .
In @DATE1 the popular search engine @ORGANIZATION3 attempted to set up shop in the country , but quickly entered into dispute with the @ORGANIZATION2 about the censoring of certain materials .
Some months after the argument began over the censoring of @LOCATION5's people , the company completely removed all bans for a short time , much to the dismay of the @ORGANIZATION2 .
During that time it @CAPS9 reported that some of the main search topics were that of many social reformers and of different religions than that of the @ORGANIZATION2's sanctioned religion .
But the one country that takes the cake for having the most censorship @CAPS9 @LOCATION2 , they 're @ORGANIZATION2 has restricted and policed any technology in the country .
The common people live in a so called ' @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 ' .
In our home country of the @LOCATION1 we are promised many rights to protect our freedom as citizens .
We are promised the freedom of speech as well as press , and in censoring our libraries they would restrict both .
If we do not stand up and protect our rights , then who will ?
Are we not a @ORGANIZATION2 for the people , by the people ?
Why are we allowing the censorship of our own intellectual creations in a place that was created to provide access to said materials for those who are less fortunate , so they themselves can gain knowledge and understanding .
If we as a people were to allow such a blatent restriction on our given freedoms , then we are in no position to have them in the first place .
Our country was founded and later almost torn apart by the men and women who were willing to risk it all in order to protect their freedoms in this country .
Are we descendants of those same people ?
If so why should we allow ourselves to squander what was hard fought for and earned by our forefathers .
The censor often poses a few questions that do cause one to wonder ' @CAPS9 it really better off this way ? '
.
They point out that for every great work of intellegent art , other of a more deviant nature create some more innapropriate pieces of 'art ' .
Pornography @CAPS9 the most prevalent of their examples , pointing out that if they did not restrict it , then who would stop the hundreds of children that not only roam the libraries bookshelves but also the provided internet services .
It @CAPS9 a reasonable question , once that should be take into consideration , but in answer to it I believe that it @CAPS9 and will always be the job of the parent or guardian that bring the child with them .
It @CAPS9 simply not enough to drop a child off at the local library and hope they find something interesting .
Helping that child find what they want @CAPS9 a journey that should be taken by both the parent and the child .
And what about those who believe the censor isn't always right about what @CAPS9 and what @CAPS9 not acceptable for the general @ORGANIZATION1 ?
As author Katherine Paterson once said 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
Censorship has been around for a very long time , and will most likely never be fully cut out of any functioning @ORGANIZATION2 .
That @CAPS9 sadly an inevibility that can not be avoided .
But the amount that it occurs in your daily life will be directly affected by how much of your freedom you are willing to stand up for .