Censorship is one of many important issues facing the world today .
Many argue that materials considered offensive are damaging to society , and should not be tolerated .
Others believe that freedom of speech is a universal right that should extend to any and all forms of human expression .
The issue is further complicated by the concept of what is and is not appropriate for children .
Are there materials that are acceptable for adults , but not kids ?
Questions such as this have plagued humanity for hundreds of years , and there is no simple solution .
Today , so many people think of censorship as a bad word .
In fact , there is nothin inherently wrong with the concept of censorship .
It is only when people begin to abuse their power and censor materials that should not be censored that problems arise .
For example , many countries have restrictions on selling and owning copies of ' @PERSON2 , ' the book that @PERSON1 wrote as a sort of mission statement for @LOCATION1 .
While many of the ideas contained within the book are horribly offensive , it still should not be censored .
People have the right to read the book and form their own opinions on @PERSON1's teachings , it is not the government's place to decide for them .
While oppressive dictatorship and mass-murder are crimes , reading about them is not .
There are few materials available that should rightfully be censored and taken out of adult hands .
If someone understands what they are reading , and are able to form an educated opinion on the material , then nobody has the right to stop them from expanding their knowledge , or expressing themself by creating similar material .
However , the issue changes completely when one considers children .
If adults want to view pornography , or read accounts of extreme violence , that is their business .
However , those concepts are obviously inappropriate for children , and any decent parent wouldn't want their young kids filling their heads with such things .
Children need to be slowly and gently introduced to these concepts so they can fully understand them .
In the case of children , careful censorship is necessary for healthy development .
When it comes to libraries , there are very few materials that should be banned .
If libraries are meant to be places of learning , then one has no right to limit the information they contain .
However , that does not mean there should not be any limitations .
Libraries should offer a children's section , as many do , that would contain materials only appropriate for youngsters .
Then , it becomes the parents ' responsibilty to ensure that their child stays in that section .
When a parent believes the child is ready to explore the adult section , they are free to take their kid there .
This system gives parents the ability to keep their children away from harmful material , without taking it out of the hands of adults .
Many would argue that unsupervised children could gain access to inappropriate material , but that is really an issue that needs to be handled by parents , not the library .
After all , it's better that a few kids see something they shouldn't have than all adults have to read censored material .
In conclusion , censorship is a concept that has its place in society , but must be used very carefully .
When the goal is to protect people , especially children , from harmful material , it can be used sparingly .
However , when those in power use censorship to attack ideas they disagree with , it becomes a form of oppression .
Above all else , people must be free to educate themselves , form their own opinions , and express themselves .
If someone doesn't like a piece of material , they can leave it alone , but they should never try to take it out of someone else's hands