Books can make a very deep impression on whoever reads them , and sometimes these impressions are not appropriate for the reader .
Books that are found inappropriate to children or even teenagers should be reconsidered to be removed off shelves that are exposed to children or teenagers .
I think that children should not learn inappropriate material if they are not ready to learn about it , in other words if they are not age appropriate .
Books are just one thing , there are also movies , music , magazines , and etc .
All of these things can give wrong ideas to our children and teenagers .
Inappropriate media or imformation should not be exposed to people that are not ready , or mature enough to watch movies , or read books that could harm or give them wrong impressions .
Children that have read books or watched inappropriate media can sometimes change how they are like .
I think that many children that watch movies especially that should not be exposed to them .
Some of the movies that I have seen have been very inapropriate and I could not imagine young children watching these movies .
This is because I do not think children know as much as we do , so it will give them wrong ideas they have taken the wrong way .
I think that books or media that is inappropriate can change childrens childhoods in a negative way .
Children and teenagers should also be mature enough to be exposed to all of the books , movies , and magazines .
If all the age groups would be exposed to all of the higher rated movies , books , and magazines I dont think that would be very resbonsible on the libraries part , or whoever was exposing it .
I think that society would be harder to control with this kind of media everywhere .
Parents would also not appreciate if their children were reading , or seeing something that they think their child should not be exposed to .
I think that children are simply not mature enough to be exposed to all of the books , magazines , and movies .
It would cause a lot of problems for many people .
Many of the children would be doing stupid things that they have seen in a movie or read in a book that they thought was cool , or that they should try it .
Were are already having a problem with pre-teens or teengers .
This is because many of them are exposed to things at a early age they should not see , that effect there actions .
There are many actions I have seen or heard of that relate to a book , or movie that probaly would not have happened if the person was not exposed to it .
Children simply are not ready , or mature enough to be exposed to everything that books , movies , or magazines have to offer .
It can change the way that children think , or what they think would be cool to physically do .
I think that it is bad enough that a lot of teenagers have been exposed to a lot of these things already .
This should be a wake up call for those who have children .
Books shold not be exposed to every age group , because it would hurt society and whoever is not ready to learn or witness what they will