Censorship has become a major topic when it comes to books , music , and movies .
These are being censored because people don't want young kids to read , listen , or watch these materials .
What about the adults ?
Books , music , and movies being taken off of the shelfs in libraries because of censorship , is not fair to the adults .
Books now are being rewriten so they won't have offevsive language in them .
To @CAPS1 A @CAPS2 is a classic example of this .
Changing the offensive language in this book would totally ruin it .
This book is mainly about the racism that whites had towards the african americans , and if that was altered the readers wouldn't get a sense of that racism .
If libraries have books that are censored they should put them on a shelf just for censored books so adults could still be able to read them .
Music is another peice of material that censorship has gotten a hold of .
Offensive language is being taken out of songs and uncensored cd's are not being sold in some stores because of censorship .
Some adults like the original songs with the original words .
Libraries should carry both the explicit and the clean verions of cd's to they some them that are suitable for kids and the ones that adults can listen to .
Movies are another peice of material that censorship has taken over .
They are being rated @CAPS3 , suitable for all ages , @NUM1 , suitable for children @NUM2 and older , and rated @CAPS4 , suitable for people @NUM3 and older .
These rating are good guidelines , but parents should be the ones to make the final decision on whether or not their child should be able to watch a certain movie .
Libraries should have all kind of movies on their shelfs .
If a twelve year old kid wants to watch a @NUM1 or rated @CAPS4 movie , he or she should be able to with the consint of a parent or guardian .
Censoship is a good thing but it doesn't need to be taken to the extreme .
If an adult wants to read a censored book , he or she should still be able to read it at their local libary and if a young kid wants to watch a rated @CAPS4 movie , he or she should be able to with the consint of a parent or guardian .