When ever has a few bad things being said ever effected how or what people read @CAPS2 a days .
That's what is hot in this present lifetime .
No one wants to read a boring article , not unless it's meant to be .
I 'm going to share with you my opinions on certain materials , such as books , music , magazines , ect.
, should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .
I have observations , experience , and reading some of my the articles that were called offensive to prove my opinions .
In my opinion , no ones work should be taken off of a shelf due to any thing , because I 'm sure they worked on it an awful lot for it to be placed on a shelf .
So there is no reason for it to be taken off .
If that was my stuff that had got took off the shelves I would be shocked and upset .
So that is one reason why you shouldn't do that .
It could hurt people emotionly .
Following that statement , but there can be times where you just don't want them to be seen because they are to embarrassing .
Such as an athlete interviewed in an @CAPS1 article , that got suspended from their sport due to violations , and this athlete is just cursing and being out of control .
I would put that article away also , just so the public won't see it and no one is put on blast .
Finally , @CAPS2 everyone knows that some types of movies , and music can't be put on display in public .
So you would have to ask for the movie or @CAPS3 and someone will go get it from the back for you , due to explicit content or explicit lyrics .
G- @CAPS4 @NUM1 , should be the only movies allowed on shelves , rated @CAPS5 and up should be behind counter , and the same with music .
I am pretty sure that is clear with this audience .
@CAPS2 that I have shared with you my opinions on different views on censorship in libbraries what is you thoughts on this topic as you read this persuasive essay .
You have read my thoughts on experience , observations , and just common sense on this topice .
If you had to write an essay on censorship in libraries , how would you come about this .