Should offenive material be censored ?
No , censoring books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
takes away from our freedom as an american citizen .
If you think books should be censored , then think about this .
Would they take 'hell ' or 'damned ' out of the bible because those words are considered offensive ?
I do not think so , those words give power to the book .
@CAPS1 books , considered offensive , are an insigh to history and culture .
Taking away these books will limit education .
Books should not be censored .
I very resent and much talked about case of censorship is the popular book ' @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 . '
The book tells the story of a young white boy running off with an older black man .
In the story , the word 'nigger ' is used frequently .
A lot of people were offended by the using of this word , so they republished a new version of the book , replacing 'nigger ' with 'slave . '
@CAPS1 people were happy with the word change , but others felt that by censoring the word they were taking away a very vital part of the story .
I agree with the latter statement .
The story's setting was back when black people were slaves and known as niggers .
I agree that the word nigger carries a heavy connotaion , but that is the purpose of using the word .
The author used it so that the reader could get a feel for what life was like back then .
When thinking about the coming generations , who will not know about slavery or black oppression , the book gives a raw insight into how life was for a black man .
The word itself is a symbolism of slavery , without it , the book is not as powerful .
Censorship is a fine line , and everybody has a different place where they draw that line .
The story of @ORGANIZATION1 is just one example of censorship .
On television , nudity and language is censored when dubbed inappropriate .
It should be up to the parent to decide which books there child should read , which magazines they should buy , and which television programs they should watch .
If the parent sees the book as offensive or think that there child should not read it , then they should be the ones who makes sure their child does not read it .
The books should not be taken of the shelf because they will entertain and educate other children or parents .
Books should not be censored , if a person does not think the book is appropriate , then they do not have to read it .