Imagine @CAPS1 , you are in the library looking for a book to read , to when your son or daughter runs up to you holding a magazine of questionable nature .
What do you do ?
A library should not have inapporiate items on the shelves .
Censoring libraries is something to protect you and your family .
Libraries should be censored so that way everyone can enjoy themselves .
The first reason I thing that libraries should be censored is because of the children that go there .
Children are curious and they are always attracted to things that are colorful and different .
An example I have of @CAPS1 is my baby sister .
She wanted to go to the zoo instead of the museum because as she said ' I want to see the animals , not a boring statue .
I can see those anytime around town . '
@CAPS1 is showing that children want to see different things and if they were to go to the library and see the same items then there is not anything to worry about .
The first time they see something of questionable nature they would want it because it is new .
The second reason that libraries should be censored is that sometimes not all of the items in the library are put in the right place .
Say that you wanted to watch a movie that sounded really good and you checked it out at the library , went home , put it in , and find out it is not the movie you thought it was .
What if you rented that movie for a party and had guests over ?
Would that not embarrass you ?
Well something like that happened to my cousin but she got a @LOCATION1 .
She was embarrassed for weeks after it happened .
All of that embarrassment could have been prevented if the libraries had to be censored .
The third reason that libraries should be censored is that sometimes seeing certain material in a library can be rather offensive .
Would you be offended by seeing something like that ?
I know that I would .
I would not want anyone to be offended like that .
When I was little I went to the mall with my grandmother .
We were trying to buy a new pair of jeans for me .
I got offended when the salesperson said that I 'looked fat ' in the jeans I had picked .
I know what it is like to be offended and people should take other peoples ' feeling into account before they offend .
While some people thing that inapporite material is fine to have in a library I believe that they should find other places for it .
Think of your family and how much you love them .
Think of what not having a censor on the libraries can cause .
Do you want to be responsible for not doing anything to help ?
Try to find ways to get stricter laws on censoring libraries