Why should books that some people enjoy to read be removed off of library shelves ?
That is ludacris .
There are so many alternatives then to just take those certain books off the shelves completely .
We all have seen or heard of books that are inapropriate to certain audiences .
It is understandable that young children should not read or be associated with these kind of materials such as : books , magazines , poems , movies , songs .
It is totally unnecessary for children to be reading such explicit material , but it is possible for us to prevent it .
One way libraries throughout the nation can prevent this is by making a complete different libraries or have the explicit materials be located in the total opposite side of the library from the children's materials .
I know that libraries tend to have opposite corners of the library dedicated to adult materials and childrens materials , but there should be more strict rules of kids being in the adult section .
Another idea is to have parental permission on the child's own library card telling the librarian , when the child checks out a book , where in the library they can get a book .
For example maybe the childs ' parents only will allow him/her to get materials from the children's section in the library ; therefore if that child wants a material from a different area of the library they can not get it , unless his/her parents are their telling the librarian the child is allowed to get it .
I know when i was a child and i couldn't do something that my parents were doing , it made me feel upset , but now that i look back i realize why they wanted me not to do what they were doing .
They wanted me to be a child as long as possble .
They knew if i was reading or listening inapropriate materials then i was growing up way too fast .
I know that now and understand it now what they wanted for me .
To conclude , lets keep those filthy books and magazines away from the younger kids .
I don't want to see it get banned from the libraries or taken out of libraries ; I just want to see parents stepping up to be parents and not letting their young children be exposed to that kind of thing .
It isn't the libraries faults if people's children are being exposed to this explicit material ; it's the parent's fault for letting it happen