Censorship for books ?
Never thought I 'd see the day .
But , that doesn't necessarily mean I approve or agree .
Just because I don't approve or agree doesn't mean I do not oppose it .
I find that need taking a step back and arguing both sides is sufficient and fair .
Shall we ?
Among others , I find that if you censor one thing , you censor them all .
Public items such as televisions , radios , magazines , and even books have wriggled their way into our not so perfect world .
Yes , there are crimes and indecencies happening as you read this .
But , is it entirely fair to say that these public items have completely influenced and brainwashed children into early adulthood ?
Maybe .
Then again , maybe not .
It is true that children , at their youngest , are easily molded and cut out into who they will permenantly be , or at least until they 're old enough to form their own opinions on certain topics.For instance , when I was younger , my cousin , who happens to be just a few years older than me , started to like a certain thing .
After spending time with her for an elongated amount of time , I started to 'like ' it too .
I found myself obsessed with it .
Now , before you start getting it into your mind that it was something bad , I can assure you , it was nothing other than stacks of @CAPS1 cards .
Anyway , it wasn't until later that my mother informed me that it wasn't really my interest .
It was hers .
I modeled after her likes and dislikes .
Every other child in the world has done something similar .
What makes anybody think they wouldn't do the exact same after listening to uncensored music , watching uncensored television , or reading an uncensored book or magazine ?
On the other hand , it would be unfair to take away some books that people find to be improper or indecent .
If that were the case , nearly every book would be out of sight , but not out of mind .
Today , you can't turn on the radio without hearing something about sex , drugs , alcohol , or smoking .
Now , those things are a lot more accessable to anybody .
You can't turn on the computer without advertisements for porn or other sexually crude websites popping up on your screen .
Books have gotten out of hand , as well .
The world nowadays has gotten ridiculous and out of place .
But in the end , I 'm sticking to my original opinion : If you censor one thing , censor them all .
It's only fair .
Radios , television , movies , and even @CAPS2's have been censored .
Books are not as innocent as they seem , anymore .
So yes , my final opinion is that libraries should , in fact , censor their books , or at least make an effort to .
Libraries are places to learn and have fun doing so , not have a mental scar leading back to what they read in a 'harmless ' little book .