What is censorship ?
Censorship is editing or just plain getting rid of .
Censorship can be a good thing it could also be a bad thing .
Does censorship really help in our society ?
Actually think about it , there is still murders , rapes , and whatever else with censory .
How I would argue with this , is by listing my own experiences , observations , and readings .
Firstly , my experiences would have to be about movies and/or television shows .
In some movies you get to choose on what you want to watch .
The unrated version or the censored version .
Well , most people want to watch the unrated version , beacuse it's more than likely more funny and shows more .
Other people might choose the censored version , because of the fact that they have children and dont want them watching stuff that would be in the unrated version .
I would perferably pick the unrated version , because i like all the funny parts that wouldn't show in the censored version .
Then there are those television shows that 'bleep ' out alot of words , because of course you are not allowed to say them on television .
Parents dont want their six year old going around and saying all of them nasty words .
That's why most of the time you hardly ever see them kind of shows on in the afternoons , they are usually on at @TIME1 or later .
Secondly , my observations about movies and/or television shows .
I cant say that I dont watch shows that have some language in them nor can I say that I dont watch shows that are all bloody and gory .
I do watch them , but i would never watch them around my younger sister !
She is eleven years old , I dont want my littel sister going to school and saying a bad word and have a teacher hear her .
Then she would say well @PERSON1 was the one who watched the movie .
I would also never ever watch a bloody , gory , and really graphic movie in front of her either .
Some movies could do without so much violence , but they have to make money some how .
Right ?
Last but not least , my readings about , lets say books and/or music lyrics .
So many books have been banned across the @LOCATION1 , because people were offended by them or just didnt want that book on the shelves just in case their child reads it .
Some songs cant be played on the radio , because of some of the stories behind the music and/or the words in and through out the song .
That's why the artist of the song has to make two different copies of their song , so they can be played and so they will get popular .
I have read books that do have some words in them , but they are also my grade level and I 'm pretty sure most people are more mature than they were .
When I see a word that isn't the nicest word ever , I keep reading and dont let it bother me .
Same with songs , the artist probably has a reason why he/she uses the words they use .
Censorship can be good or bad , it really depends on how you look at things .
Honestly , I have no objections to censorship and other times I do .
My experiences , observations , and/or reading has made me think about how censorship could be bad or good .