Older authors love to write grusome stories about their pasts , whether it's fiction or nonfiction .
Sometimes those books can get into the wrong hands and end up in the trash or burned .
Other times parents get angry at what they 're children are doing and saying , and they normally blame television or other kids at school .
Parents don't always look at the big picture .
Any child at anytime can walk right into their school or public library and pick up an inappropriate magazine , book , or movie , but parents don't usually catch on until it's too late .
There are all kinds of books out there and no two books are the same .
Nobody can tell a book is going to be inappropriate just by looking at the front cover .
Even though books are meant to be read , it doesn't mean they should be read by all age groups .
No book at any point in time should be completely removed from a library , that's just not right .
No matter how graphic , perverted , or inapproriate a book can get , it should never be thrown away .
Those certain books are written for people with those kinds of interests .
Even books about drugs should be allowed to be read , some children or adults could be interested in what they really do do to your body and mind , and they 'd rather read a book about it rather than trying it themselves .
Books about murder should also be allowed to be read , but not by children under twelve .
If people in libraries would just start putting books in organized age groups then there probably wouldn't be any problems .
The author should never be blamed for something they wrote .
It's their own personal thoughts and feelings and most of all it's their story .
It's how they wanted it to be written and nobody should get mad over that .
The rule should apply for magazines , music , and movies .
Those people wrote the books , movies , magazines , and music so it should be expressed the way they wanted it to be .
Even if the authors themselves thought their own writing was too bad for a child to read , or hear they would make it clear by putting something like , 'not for children under the age of twelve or whatever age they recommend . '
If adults are really getting mad about this then they need to look back at the kinds of things they were doing , saying , or reading and maybe it would change their outlook a little on movies , magazines , music , and books .