Walking in to the library and looking for a good book or magazine to read , you run into some of those disgusting books that are offensive to some people .
Some people think they should be removed from the shelves , and I am one of them .
Are you ?
There are some books , magazines , movies , and ect.
, that we all run into that have very bad language , racism , bad religious talking , and even some about sex .
Nobody needs to be reading those kind of books , it is bad for our minds and is very offensive to some people .
A lot of people do not like to hear curse words or see them .
Seeing those words in a book will make that person think wrong things about the library and put the wrong words in their head .
Then there are those books about racism and that is the worst topic to most people .
If someone came across that in a book , it would hurt their feelings and they would not want to finish that book .
Their are others that are very religious and if they come across something that is wrong about their religion the will be very offended .
There are a few ways that the library could handle the books that offend people .
The librarian could think about putting a warning sign up and seperating those books , magazines , and etc.
, into their own section for people that do get offended by those things know where they are and know not to look there .
Or inside the front cover the librarian could put a warning note on there to show the person that there are some things in there that @MONTH1 offend someone .
It would be very helpful to so many people !
In every library you won't see that all the books are perfectly good .
We all know that there are going to be some bad things in books , but there are some books that are way too inapropriate and those books can be removed .
There are just way too many people that get offended while reading the books they want to read .
Let's put a stop to it .
In conclusion , many of the libraries around are going to have the kind of books that offend some people .
There can be a stop to that by removing them from the shelves or at least warning others about the things in the books , magazines , and all the other entertainment people like these days .
It would be amazing to know that all the people that love to read will not be offended by what they are reading !