In most libraries in the @LOCATION1 , there are certain books , movies , music , etc.
, that could be inappropriate to younger children .
These books and movies can contain graphic content or offensive language that any young child should not be hearing or seeing .
However , this does not mean that the libraries of @LOCATION2 should get rid of these books , videos , etc .
The libraries should keep these books and videos because the adults of @LOCATION2 like to use them , the kids probably already know about the language and graphic content , and some of the books and movies that are offensive are very educational .
When you think about your childhood , there would always be things you couldn't watch or listen to because you were to young .
Your @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 would watch movies that you couldn't watch because they would say you aren't old enough .
They enjoy watching more mature movies because it is more interesting to them than cartoon shows or movies .
The mature content in movies , books , and more should be kept in libraries because mature audiences enjoy watching and listening to them .
If they are taken out of libraries , this mature audience has nothing to watch or read in the library .
They do not want to be reading children's books all the time .
Also , most children have already observed or heard this offensive content in these books and movies .
Most of the parents in the @LOCATION1 have used offensive language infront of their child without even realizing it .
The kid then starts using these words because they think they are cool if @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 use them .
Another thing is that most kids have seen a movie with graphic content in it , or they have played a video game with it in the game .
They have seen blood , gore , and other things in these games and movies .
It's already too late to try and hide your child from seeing or hearing these 'bad words ' or 'graphic content ' .
Many movies and books that contain offensive language and graphic content are very good and educational videos .
For example , ' @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 ' was a great movie describing the search for one man in the middle of @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @NUM1 .
These wars actually occured and movies like this give a great amount of detail on what actually went on during these wars .
If you want kids to know about the history of our country , they need to know what actually happened .
There is no point in trying to hide the truth .
Overall , most kids in the @LOCATION1 have heard offensive language or graphic content .
Whether it was from a parent or even their best friend , they have heard it .
So why woyld we try to hide this from them ?
Keep these books , movies , music , and more in the libraries for the benefits of the adults , the kids , and for the history of the country .