Many people in the @LOCATION1 read .
Books , magazines , news papers , and music are a great passing time .
I enjoy reading books about people with special powers ; such as necromancers .
If we were to take such books that offend someone out of our libraries , what would we have left ?
I , for one , don't like reading @ORGANIZATION1 books , which seem to be the only type of book that wouldn't offend someone , unless they have some severe hatred towards letters .
Think for a moment about what you like .
Think about your interest in music , art , and the style of books or magazines that you read .
Now imagine all of those gone from the one place you can get away from screaming children or annoying neighbors : the library .
You @MONTH1 be baffled as to why all of your loves have dissappeared .
That book you love , the one about necromancers , it's offensive to @CAPS1 because only @CAPS2 has the power of waking the dead .
The song that you have had stuck in your head all day is now no longer online .
Its use of certain words are offensive to those with 'sensitive ' ears .
If I were to walk into a library and find that all the 'offensive ' works had been band , I would be shocked .
Every one in the universe finds certain things offensive .
My @CAPS3 @CAPS4 teacher thinks that rap and hip-hop or pop songs are offensive to women and their bodies , but I think that some of those songs hold a different meaning .
If everything offensive were to be taken away , what would be left ?
Nothing that a teenager or an adult would want to read .
Heck , @PERSON1 ' works are offensive to some people , they think he was crazy , and who wants their children to read a book written by a bafoon ?
Also , the less the library contains , the less people go .
Libraries would soon close because everything is being found as offensive .
All of the books we had hoped to read would have to be bought online , if it were still allowed .
For all of the Book @CAPS5 out there , finding an attention-getting , eye-opening book is like finding buried treasure .
It's an event that changes your life , makes your blood rush , and leaves you hanging onto your seat .
It's an adventure played in your head , one that you set the specific details of each character , or it's the book that provides the knowledge that feeds your brain every time a new sentence is stored .
Taking away everything offensive is like having a child being taken away , you can't replace that love with a distraction