No Censorship Do you enjoy reading interesting books , watching superb movies , or listening to appealing music that some people don't approve of ?
Most people would answer yes to the question because anything that a person reads , watches , or listens to @MONTH1 be found offensive or crude to someone else .
Certain materials in libraries should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive because different people find different materials offensive , people sometimes specifically come to libraries to search out materials they can't find elsewhere , and if a person finds a material offensive , they don't have to keep reading , watching , or listening to it .
The first reason reason why censorship shouldn't occur in libraries is because different people find different materials offensive .
Each person is different , and people have all sorts of opinions on books , movies , magazines , music , etc .
Also , several different ethnicities exist in the world and many nonfiction books educate people on different cultures around the world .
The ethnicity of the people living in the culture @MONTH1 find what the authors of nonfiction books are writing about them offensive because the book is talking about something in their culture they wouldn't want the public hearing about .
However , the public needs to be educated on the cultures of different people .
Students do research in libraries for research projects and essays .
Also , books pertaining to racism such as To @CAPS1 A @CAPS2 and books about slaves @MONTH1 be offensive to the race that is being victimized in the book .
In contrast , some people @MONTH1 love the book because of the a good theme , symbolism , word usage , etc .
So , who would be the judge of whether a material is offensive of not ?
If the person who is doing this for a certain library finds many materials in the library offensive , the whole library could close down because many materials that could have been popular were taken out of the library .
Another reason why certain materials shouldn't be removed off shelves if they are found offensive is because sometimes people specifically come to libraries to search out materials they can not find elsewhere .
Libraries are the one place that people go if they are looking for that certain book or maybe even a movie they can't find at a video store .
In my experience , there have been an infinite number of times where I have wanted to read a book I have heard about , and I 've gone straight to the library and found it there .
Also , because no video store exists in the town I live in , I go to the library for movies because I know they have a large selection .
Some of the books and movies I or other people like @MONTH1 be found offensive to others , so if they were taken off of library shelves , I 'm not sure if I would go to the library as often .
A third reason why censorship shouldn't occur in libraries is because people don't have to read what they @MONTH1 find offensive .
Everyone has the choice of what materials they acquire from a library , unless it's something they have to read for school .
If a person hears about a book that @MONTH1 be found offensive to them , why would they read the book .
Also , if a person accidentally checks out a book or watches a movie from the library that they find offensive , they can always just stop reading the book or watching the movie .
Censorship shouldn't occur in libraries because everyone has different opinions .
Libraries assume that if someone finds a material offensive , they 'll just stop reading it .
Also , if libraries take out all the materials anyone finds offensive , what will be left to read , watch , or listen to ?