' @CAPS1 - @CAPS2 or No ? '
Katherine Paterson's quote about offensive books is completely true , and I @PERCENT1 agree with her .
She's saying that if everyone had the right to remove a book they found offensive off of every shelf , there would be no more books for people in the world .
There are most likely books that one person could find offensive , but others do not .
What would the world have left if almost all books are taken off the shelf ?
I do not think that offensive materials such as books should be removed from shelves because not everybody could find them offensive and could be depriving people of their favorite subjects , I 've had my own experience with a supposedly offensive book , and because there would not be books left in the world .
There are books about every single subject in the world .
Some are about subjects we love and could read about for days .
Others are about subjects that we hate or that just plain bore us .
Though whatever the subject is , whether it be about the media , science fiction , romance , or anything else , there are different people in the world who love reading about different subjects .
If a person had the right to remove a certain type of book from libraries and stores , say a romance book , because she found it offensive in some way and it was taken off the shelves , then a person who loved reading that book would be deprived from it because one person found it offensive .
Just because on person finds a book offensive , doesn't mean everyone else in the world would too .
I 've had my own experience with a supposedly offensive book .
In my @CAPS3 class , we were assigned to read 'The @CAPS4 in the @CAPS5 ' .
As we were reading the book I honestly thought it was a very interesting story .
Though later with some research I found out that the book was banned in alot of schools all over the @LOCATION1 .
Teachers from those schools reported that there were some very subjective words and events in the book .
I do agree that there was some bad language , but I don't think that's a reason to ban the book from schools .
It's an awesome story that won a couple awards , and my class also enjoyed it .
My experience with this proved another point that certain books should not be banned .
Just as @PERSON1 stated , if every person was given a right to ban certain books from libraries , there wouldn't be books left in the world for people to read .
There are millions of people in the world .
If every single person was able to ban one book in the @LOCATION1 , what would we have left ?
There would probably be nothing left .
If every book was gone from the @LOCATION1 , what would kids in school be able to read ?
Kids would start reading at a slower rate , causing grades to drop .
One little law change in @CAPS1 could cause great negative changes in the future .
There's always going to be people in the world who find certain books offensive .
That's never going to change , but people also have the freedom and choice to stay away from the book they abhor .
Unless you 're a student in school , you don't have to read or look at a book you find offensive , and you can also try to keep your kids from reading whatever it is because if you want one book banned off of shelves , your depriving other people of books .
So I say every library stays the way they are now , and keep every book they have for all kids and adults .