Would you let someone ban your favorite movie , just because it has mildly offensive materials in it ?
I know I would not .
If everyone had the right to ban books then we would have no books , because something would offend someone .
You should not ban books because it desecrates our individuality , we have the freedom of press , and because it would ruin the future .
If you ban a book then you are giving up your indiviuality .
If you let someone decide what is offesive to you , then how can you express yourself .
Therefore , by letting someone else decide what is appropriate for you to read , you are giving up your freedom .
By banning books , you are not being yourself you are conforming to what other people want .
Therefore , you should not ban books because , it demolishes your individuality , and it makes you conform to what other people want .
There should not be any banning of books .
You should not be able to ban books because we have the freedom of press .
The freedom of press means that we can write whatever we want .
However , you should not ban books because we have the freedom to choose what we read .
This means that we as individuals should be able to decide what we want to read and what we do not .
You should not ban books because we have the freedom of press , and because we have the freedom as individuals to read what we want .
If you ban books then you will ruin the future .
There are hundreds of really phenomenal books out there that would be banned , and future people would not be able to enjoy them .
There are books that can change your life , and teach you how to deal with things , and if we ban them then we are ruining the chance to help future people with their problems .
People turn to books for knowledge , and help , and for ideas , and if we take away their books then how can we say that we are paving the way for the future if we are destroying it along the way .
Books should not be banned because if they were then , we would be ruining the future for others , and we would be destroying our own future .
In conclusion , books should not be banned because , it limits our individuality , we have the freedom of press , and because it destroys our future .
If you ban books , more likely than not , your favorite book would get banned .
Also , if everyone could ban books , then there would be nothing to read because all of the books would be banned .
By banning books you are destroying the future , limiting our freedoms , and abolishing our indivuality .