I think that none of the books should be removed from the shelves of a libraries .
I think that everyone should have a change of reading any book they want to .
Just because a person or few people don't like it dosen't mean remove it .
They don't have to read that book .
If I did like a book i just don't like it .
everyone has their own choice of what kind of stories they are into .
Like im in to freaky novels .
Everyone I hangout with is not in to freaky novels .
In I mite not be into what they are into .
Like I dislike a lot of love stories not them all just a few of them I don't like .
I can say I am in to abnormal stories .
I like fiction stories then nonfiction .
My most favorite novels is 'The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' .
Most people would want to remove the stories with bad lauguage or vocabulary off the shelevs .
I know a lot of poeple that are into those kind of stories .
I think that would be unfair to do that .
Why take away what they like in not what you like .
Like I am into all kind of sex books .
Some poeple wouldn't want those books on the shelves either .
Just by removing someones type of book could make people don't want to read anymore .
I know it would make me stop reading if I can't read what I want to read .
Now think to yourself would you risk taking away someones favorite book .
In the results of them not reading anymore .
If you do theirs something wrong with you .
How would you feel if that was to happen to you .
So you all way pose to look at it in anothers persons point of veiw .
You should look at all the possitive way first .
Like how happy dose that makes that person that reads the books .
Not olny would it effect the read but the person who wrote the book .
You will be doing a lot of damage to a lot of people .
You would be putting someone out their job .
You could mess up someones family of living .
You could take away somones belifes .
You can make what they thought was a good thing into something bad .
You can drive a person crazy .
You can make what that person stand for meaning nothing at all .
Books could be a way people escape the real world .
Reading books could give people more things to talk about .
Books can be a way of learning how to deal with thing in a better way .
I suggest that people should just leave the books wear they are at .
Books are way people express how they feel , they life style , and what they been threw etc ....... Life is hard in books makes it eaiser for some people