Certain material such as books , movies , and magazines should not be removed from libraries .
The quote by Katherine Paterson simply states that if everyone had the right to remove a book from a shelf , then we would have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
The world would be empty because there is always something that a person sees as offensive .
To each person that finds the material offensive , there are always ten people who do not find it offensive at all .
A person's beliefs can cloud their views on things like religion .
There are so many wrong things out in the world that you can never do right by .
In places like libraries , you never know who might come in to check something out .
That is why it is recommended to make sections in the library .
Adult novels , childrens book , science finction novels all in different sections of the library .
This would make a parent cautious of where their child goes .
If a child walks into the wrong sections , there is only one person to blame ; the parent .
Children always wander off into random places because of curiousity .
Parents have to make sure that nothing horrific happens such seeing something that a toddler or a teenager is not supposed to see .
One object , such as a book , a movie , or a magazine , can teach a person millions of lessons .
If those lesson are not tought yet , they will be tought later .
In a harder way .
The person might have to live the lesson to learn it .
That is why some material should not be taken away .
Everyone believes in different things .
There is always someone that has a different opinion of things .
The world contains of many things that people find offensive , but it does not mean those things have to go .
There is always a choice of what to do and what not to do .
Someone has to find a way to fix things and in a good kind of way where people can find peace with themselves and others .
Removing material from libraries can cause many things ; approval , disapproval , anger , and happiness .
Most of all , it can cause fights , which later on can turn into war .
The material in our libraries is meant to teach people about life , and people find that wrong , then it means they do not experience life