When I was in fifth grade , chaos broke out in my community .
Everyone -- teachers , students , parents , school board members , community leaders -- had something to say about the topic at hand .
This topic was censorship .
A high schooler's parents were outraged that their daughter had read The @ORGANIZATION1 @ORGANIZATION1 in class .
In these parents ' opinion , the rape scene in the book was far too disturbing for their precious daughter .
While this seemed a fair stance to take , the parents then took things a step further .
They sought to ban the book in the schools in our township , wanting to spare all other children the experience of being exposed to @CAPS1 was clearly traumatic material .
This crusade of theirs posed the questions ' @CAPS1 can and should be censored ?
And when ? '
.
As the debate continued , I myself begin to ponder the subject .
Who had the right to tell me @CAPS1 I could read ?
Or listen to ?
Or watch ?
The answer I came to was 'no one ' .
No one has the right to censor anyone else .
This comes with one exception : parents and children .
Parents have the responsibility to monitor their children .
They must use their best judgement to decide @CAPS1 their children are old enough and mature enough to hear , see , or read .
This was true in the censorship of @ORGANIZATION1 , as well .
No one fought back against the family because they did not want their own child to read the novel ; it was only once they tried to keep others from the book that the problem arose .
This is why libraries should not remove materials from their shelves because they are , in the eyes of some , offensive materials .
Music you love @MONTH1 be offensive to me .
Books your @CAPS2 teacher assigned @MONTH1 not be appropriate for five year olds .
Your friends @MONTH1 be offended by your favorite movie or @CAPS3 show .
These feelings are subjective ; almost nothing is universally offensive or universally appropriate .
We must , as a society , be able to accept this .
We learn throguh @CAPS1 we see , @CAPS1 we hear , and @CAPS1 we read .
These experiences teach us @CAPS1 to do , as well as teach us @CAPS1 not to do .
Because of this , it would be unfair for materials to be removed from libraries based on solely opinions .
To do that would be to steal from community members their chance to learn .
Parents have the right to censor @CAPS1 their children see , hear , and read , but even this censorship must be done carefully in order to not hinder the child's ability to learn .
We must not hinder our children's ability to learn from the mistakes of book and movie characters , singers , comedians , and artists .
If we do take away that ability , we are setting these future adults up for making mistakes that could have been prevented by allowing them the chance to learn .
Removing materials from the shelves of libraries based solely on opinions is not only damaging to our society , but , ultimately , it is dangerous to the people we wish to protect