Libraries are a source of information .
They provide us with valuable research , entertainment , and cold hard facts .
Therefore , I do not believe that libraries should have to censor the books that are supplied for the citizens to check out .
Everyone is faced with choices in life .
Some are more difficult than others and will have a greater impact on your life .
We decide if we want to wear the black shirt or the grey shirt , the blue shorts or the brown shorts .
Everyday we have choices .
We also have choices at a library .
If we see a book with a title that sounds like @CAPS2 might be offensive , then we should just walk past @CAPS2 .
Most libraries are organized and the book sections are clearly stated .
Common sense would tell us that this section might contain offensive material .
We have the choice on whether or not we check out a book that might offend us or not .
If @CAPS2 does offend us , then @CAPS2's our own fault .
The second reason libraries should not censor what books they provide goes right along with the choices we make in life .
No one forces us to check out this book or that book .
@CAPS2's a choice .
No one puts a gun to our head and says , ' @CAPS1 this book or you will die . '
@CAPS2 just doesn't happen like that .
No one forces us to @CAPS1 something we don't want to .
@CAPS2's all up to you and how you feel about the book .
Different subjects offend different people .
I 'm not offended by a curse word here or there , however ; I am offended by sex related instances that often occur in movies or books .
I make my own choice to not watch or @CAPS1 those kinds of materials .
Since everyone is different , the sex related instances might not offend another group of people and they might see @CAPS2 as perfectly fine to watch or @CAPS1 .
Different subjects offend different people and taking away a book or movie because @CAPS2 offends one person should not happen .
If libraries were to start censoring what materials they put on the shelf , I believe many people would be upset .
Who would decide what is offensive and not offensive ?
@CAPS2 would upset too many customers and the use of libraries would probably dwindle .
When you are in charge of censoring what goes on the shelf many problems come into play .
Do you count different religions offensive because they blaspheme another religion's god ?
Do you count a certain work of fiction offensive because @CAPS2 contains one curse word in the whole book ?
There is no way to properly censor all your books without upsetting customers .
I 'm not saying that libraries should be allowed to show every magazine known to man .
Some are obviously worse than others ; but , when @CAPS2 comes to books and movies , the people know what they are checking out and know what they will find offensive .
There are too many people in this world to try and censor the materials libraries display .
Libraries should not censor the materials they display