Certain materials , such as books , music , magizines , etc.
, should never be removed just because a certain person , or group of people , find it offensive .
The authors of these books have the right , as stated in the @CAPS1 of the @LOCATION1 , to have the freedom to say what the wish within the context of their own individual wrighting .
Also , certain materials that some people find offensive have little to no offensiveness to many other people who @MONTH1 enjoy the book or movie .
Finally , many books that are on the shelves of many of our libraries have no end to the amount of things that @MONTH1 be considered offensive , but allow a certain knowledge to be had by , not only the writer , but the reader as well .
If something is stated in such an important document as the @CAPS1 of the @LOCATION1 , one that set the standard for living and set the laws of a nation to parchment , than it should , for lack of a better term , be taken with the utmost respect and dignity .
Several great leaders , such as the first president of the @ORGANIZATION1 , @LOCATION2 , decided that freedom of the press was a viable asset to a new and growing country .
This simple fact alone should hold more than enough levity to allow all materials , no matter how offensive , to not only be published , but also enjoyed by all people .
It is this simple freedom that causes books to be published , even written , no matter how offensive they @MONTH1 be .
Certain materials that a person , or group of people , find offensive @MONTH1 not be offensive to everyone .
No matter what religion , ethnicity , or moral values you hold , just because it is offensive to you does not mean that it is offensive to everyone .
Many people in this world serve in their nations military , ones used to fight more battles than any history book could hold , is just one example that not everyone in this world holds the same morals or ideas that others do , and tensions will always arise because of it .
That being said , this also holds true to the way certain people percieve literature and art .
@ORGANIZATION3 would hate @ORGANIZATION2's art , and @ORGANIZATION2 would hate @ORGANIZATION3's , however , neither has the right to condone it or to keep it from the eyes of the world .
Many times literature gets removed before their true meaning can be shown to anyone .
This is disheartening for several reasons , one being that whatever we , as a human race , could 've learned from this piece is now lost forever .
Many books could teach the older generations how to leave a legacy for generations to come .
Others @MONTH1 teach how future generations can change the world by simply working hard and doing their best .
These are best portrayed in books that are sometimes removed from the shelves because of hard lessons or graphic words used .
Is censorship in libraries ok ?
No .
Not at all .
All works of literature should be allowed to be read and enjoyed , not only by the author , but also by the young , the old , and all ages in between , of all races and religions .
The longer we allow materials to be removed from the shelves of our libraries , the less of a chance we are giving , not only ourselves , but future generations to learn and be all that they can possibly be .