There are many different styles of literature and media in this world .
With this variety , it has to please at least one person .
If not , why was it made ?
There come a point when things just become too much .
Some media and literature has passed this point and it should not be allowed on shelves .
Media is a huge influence in todays society .
What would you do without it ?
Everyday , everyone is using media related , whether it is turning on the televison in the moring and watching the ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' to opening up a magazine and reading about what famous person is in jail this time .
You can not get away from it .
Teens @CAPS1 are truely addicted for the most part .
We have video games , online chats ( facebook and myspace ) , and moives .
Many things we learn from these are not good for our minds and health .
Some video games are good to play but when you become wrapped up in them , playing non stop , killing people and laughing at this , here you know there is something wrong .
Our minds are exposed to so much immorality and violence , so we think it is okay to do .
Many people see it as , the movie stars do it , so why can't we ?
@CAPS1's society is killing our minds and many young people who think their life is miserable just go out and commit suicide .
Music can get too extensive as well .
Yes , you have you oldies , country , and the jazz but when you add in the rap and heavy metal music , there is no understanding .
Rap is all about who am I going to sleep with next and how many times I can have sex .
Really , is this what our lives should be focused on ?
I didnt know people like the thought of a @CAPS3 .
Heavy metal music , you can not understand it , but when you research the words you see that life is useless and why are we living ?
People say that this music helps them calm their anger down .
Feeling realived after they have listen to it .
You @MONTH1 be clam now but after hearing these words and banging your head around , what is going to happen when you do get extrememly mad ?
Too many lives are effect by @CAPS1's media and literature .
Lives of friends have been lost and friendships have been ruined .
Someone is always going to say a certain amount is too much , but I think we need to set a goal of how much is too much and try to save ourselves .
We are not like a video game that has seconds lives