Books , music , movies and magazines are all offensive in different ways .
They all are some how offensive to people if they have inappropreiate launguage or actions or stories in them .
Should thease materials be taken off the shelf just because some people think they are to offensive to be on there and they don't want their children getting ahold of them ?
When I go to the library I see different sections , fiction , nonfiction , ect .
What I don't see is a section marked 'offensive ' .
Librarys don't do that .
If parents or anyone don't want their children or any other children reading offensive books they should go with them and make sure they don't pick up offensive books , or have them wait in the childrens area .
Librarys usually don't carry offensive music .
They have @CAPS1's for books to listen to .
That might have offensive lauguage in it .
Before renting or buying the @CAPS1 you should ask someone who works at the library to tell you if they conscider it offensive or not .
If they don't know then don't get the @CAPS1 .
Most of the time you know what your looking for before you go to the library anyways .
If movies are offensice they are marked rated @CAPS4 .
@NUM1 movies are the better ones .
If parents or anyone do not want their children watching rated @CAPS4 movies before renting or buying one they should check the back where it always tells you .
When I was young my mom would always check the back of movies because she didn't want me watching rated @CAPS4 movies .
She herself thought most of them were too offensive for me to see .
Most of the time magazines don't have offensive lauguage in it but they sometimes have inappropreiate pictures of men and women .
They also have a bunch of gossip stories you might not want your children to read .
But if your letting your children read this then you should read it before they do to make sure for yourself there is nothing you wouldn't want them reading .
I don't think there is any reason to remove books , music , movies , magazines , ect.
, from the shelves if they are offensive to some .
If a parent or anyone else doesn't want their children or anyone else's children to read something they think is offensive they should make sure they read something before they let them read it .
Also walk around with the child in the library to make sure they don't pick up anything they wouldn't like , or have their child pick things from the childrens section .
Some people like reading books , magazines some might think are offensive .
Everyone shouldn't be punished for those who just don't want their children finding offensive things in the library