Books , movies , magazines , or music that is offensive in any way should not be aloud to be showed to the public .
If these offensive things were not aloud to be showed I personally think it would help out are country is full of racist people and documents .
Everytime you pick up a magazine or you watch a television show about a famous actress or musician you see embarrassing aspects of their lives all over the world .
This is not right at all !
People should be shown respect and allowed to have some privacy in there life .
If it wasn't for actress and musicians we wouldn't have any television shows to watch .
There would be no use to have radio's .
There would be no reason to , their would be nobody to sing songs for us .
Why would we want to embarrass these guys anyways ?
They work their tails off to produce new things for us .
Books in the libraries should not have sexual assualts in them at all .
Books like this in school libraries have no reason to be there .
Why would you want your child to read something like that out of a book in the school ?
Expecially foul language in materials at school .
Books at the library should have good examples in them not vaulgar sayings .
This is a disgrace to the school .
Movies are a big concern .
Any child or young adult could go into the movie section and get any type of movie even if it is rated restricted .
Would you want your child brining home a movie that had nudity in the film ?
I remember one time my little sister brought home a movie from are local library .
This movie was a total disgrace to this library it had nudity , foul language , and lots of violence .
I couldn't believe what I had just saw .
My library would have something like this in the library ?
Children go there and pick movies out .
My mother had went in and made a complaint about the restricted movies being in with the children films .
She said that the movies should be seprate from the rest .
You should have to be a certain age to rent this movie .
Or atleast have a parents permission .
Every local library or school library should be taking action in doing this for their community .
Lets keep are children and young adults away from violence .
By allowing this in are school libraries and local libraries it is just saying it's ok to letting this violence in .
We should put a stop to it and prevote good attitudes .
So please take the violence off the shelf