Are some materials , such as books , movies , magazines should be removed from the shelves if those things are found offenisve ?
There are some things in books are movies that are offensive , and that other younger adults shouldnt watch or read .
Reading a book also says alot about certain topics that are offensive .
But at the same time can you learn from these things such as finding it in a book or seeing it on tv .
So I dont think that certain things that are found offenisive should be taken off the shelves , because people should learn off of these things .
Some people have a hard time understanding what's right and wrong in life , because their not getting the full effect in life and what it is meant .
The problem I think is people @MONTH1 not think certain things are offensive because they might not know what it mean .
Movies on the other hand has a different side of the fence .
Movies can affect someone , especially someone who is very young .
Those children can look what's on tv and copy exactly what they are doing .
They also @MONTH1 be a role model which is not always good for some people .
Another thing is that music plays a big role in someone's life because there is sad music , loving music and also violent music .
Music can define a person .
For example if you are listening to a sad song , you @MONTH1 feel sad or depressed .
Or a person listening to hard and violent music @MONTH1 feel upset or angry .
Certain music that peole listen to can define who they are .
Especially when i had said it determines what kind of a mood you are in .
I think when people listen to the music he or she likes , it defines who they are , it shows what kind of mood there are in .
Secondly , magazines are an advertisement .
It shows everything , it tells you stories .
Just like in the movies if you see it , youre going to do it .
But magazines are different , they show like the styles , and life stories of others .
When you see things you @MONTH1 want to do things just as the what the magazine .
Usually when you look in a magazine you usually see pictures so its not as big of effect as the others such as the music and movies .
They more likely describe things .
Books on the other hand are similar .
You can learn what's in a book just by reading it .
So if a person @MONTH1 read something about voilence he or she @MONTH1 think it is right to do so .
Even if that particular book is telling you what's right about the topic .
So no I dont think that some books that are found offensive beacause only that person or indvidual can learn what being offensive is .
So keeping these types of books @MONTH1 help other people who are readers .