What is @LOCATION1's main idea in the area of art , language , and music ?
The idea of @LOCATION1 in those catagories is freedom .
Freedom is to write what we want , draw what we want , and say what we want , and in all , to express ourselves freely as a person .
It is one of the amendments in the ' @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 ' , known as freedom of speech .
Saying that , I believe that we should not be able to ban , censor , or remove any books , music , or movies from the @CAPS3 public .
It is their right as an @CAPS3 to buy what they want .
It takes away @CAPS2 from people , and when they do that , it makes citizens feel like toddlers .
They can't choose for themselves what to see and what not to see .
Everything in this world can be offensive to somebody .
Just because that one person finds something bad or distasteful , doesn't mean that they have to make everyone else stop seeing it .
That's what gives the world its varieties .
What someone might think is weird , somebody else might think is normal .
When that happens , why is it okay to take away what makes that person feel normal ?
Just to make the other person feel better ?
I walked into the store once before wanting to buy a videogame .
I found one I thought looked cool , took it off the shelf , and brought it up to the cashier .
He took one look at the game , saw the rating for it , and said that I had to have an adult with me to purchase the game .
I went on about how my dad would not care if I bought this game .
The cashier said it didn't matter and that I still had to have him here .
Then I had to search throughout the store looking for my dad so that he could walk back to the cashier to buy the game for me .
What difference did it make ?
In the end I got the game anyway .
That experience I had at the store that day let me know how it felt to have my wanting of something be shot down .
It made me feel like a baby that needed permission to do something .
It also helps me know how the writers , artists , and movie directors feel when they get their work censored , rejected , or banned because somebody somewhere found it offensive .
We need to let people express how they feel .
If we didn't then a lot of the stuff today would be different .
@PERSON1 had the idea of the world not being flat and that he could sail all the way around the world without falling off of it .
Everybody thought he was crazy and got angry at his thinking .
But he did it , and proved himself right .
Galilaue @CAPS5 thought came up with the theory that the sun did not revolve around the @LOCATION2 .
He started doing experiments and tried to prove his theory .
The people of where he did his work got engraged and through him into exile and imprisoned him .
After that somebody thought that it was a good idea , he experimented on it , and the people supported him .
Now we have that theory as a fact , that the sun doesn't revolve around the @LOCATION2 .
That is what makes freedom of speech so important to the world .
It makes people think in different ways .
It helps people think of new ideas .
Freedom is the key to any way of living .