There are alot of things that u can find in the libraies that you can find to be inapporite to some but not all people .
if there was something that i was ofined by then i would ask them to pull it off the shelf .
if u have somewhat of a project to do then go to the libarie to meet some friends and work on it there .
If you need help to finding a book for your project ask the person at the desk where to find it .
The libarie is here to help those that dont have a computer at home , they can go to the libarie and do there work there .
If they would have alot of there books on a disc or dvds , movies , tape players alot more people would want to read more .
If that all libarie had all the same books then they would have more people in and out getting the book they want to read .
if there was little kids that want to read kid books then they should have a section for them .
All the libarie should get ride of the inapporite books that some of the people right off the shelf so that they dont have people complaing about the material on the shelf .
Theres probale about @NUM1 to @NUM2 libarie in the @LOCATION1 .
I know for fact that there something inapporite on the shelf in all ther libaries .
There are tons and tons of books in all of the libarie so theres a good chance there something out there that someone will find they dont like and ask for it to be taking off the shelf .
if they would get alot of people saying they are offenied by it then they would have to take it off .
There is also alot of magasins out there that some should be seen to little kids .
if they get on that talks about drugs and some other things they could be offensive by that .
all magasins should have some what of a rating on them .
you would have to be older than @NUM3 years of age to get a pg- @NUM3 mag .
some of the magasins should be for little kid that go there all the time and adult .
they should have them divid into sections for little kids and adults .
They need to respect all the people in the libarie at that time .
I think that theres some of that here in are home town but not @PERCENT1 postive there is .
We all have the right to ask them to take it off the shelf and if they dint then they well get into trouble