To censor , or not to censor ?
That is the question .
I am positive that there are a great amount of different views portaining to this topic .
Everyone will have very good points on either using , or not using censorship in the library .
Although this is true , I believe that there are many more valid reasons not to use censorship in libraries .
First of all , how offensive can library material truly be ?
I do not believe that is very offensive at all .
There will be movies and material specifically designed for a mature an older age group .
This is fine ; if the person choosing the material is of age then he or she should have no reason not to choose advanced material .
A mature person will not want to read elementary books their entire life .
Sooner or later , they will have to be intruduced into the real life .
It would not be beneficial to them or society if they are sheltered their entire lives .
Also , if the person is still a child , there should be no reason for a child to choose the older level of material .
There @MONTH1 be times when he does ; however , this is not a problem because all the parent has to do is explain to him that he is not of age yet .
This is an easy fix .
As I said earlier , ther is no reason we all need to read the same thing .
Variety is what makes libraries apealing to the customers .
Who would want to go to a library with all the same books ?
I myself would not .
Within the library , there are sections specifically just for children .
If all the slightly offensive material was to be taken out of libraries , that would eliminate a large portion of the customers .
Also , this would discourage writers from even producing thier material ; thus hindering their income and motivation .
We have freedom and choice in @LOCATION1 , and I feel this would go against @CAPS1 values if they were to induce censorhip in a harmless library .
No one is perfect and we all make mistakes .
However , we can also improve and learn from them .
If a person does choose an inapropriate book , they will most likely learn and improve from their mistake .
We have a choice about what to choose when we go into the library .
I believe if not all , the majority of the time we make the right choice .
Libraries are a supercenter of learning and information .
This would not be true if certain portions of information began to be removed .
I have had many worthwhile times in the library and was never once harmed or offended .
Libraries are here to help and not to hinder our learning .
I am most likely not the only one who feels pleased with the way libraries are now and feel no need to change what is good