My opinions on the censorship in libraries are that libraries are great places to get information on books such as biographies , fiction , nonfiction , science fiction , and other genre books .
I don't believe that books , music , movies , magnizines and other things should not be removed off the shelves because people love music and they want to get information about the artist who made the songs and information about the artist .
Also people want to learn the lyrics to the song .
The reason why books shouldn't be removed off the shelves is becuase people enjoy reading books and they want to know what the book is about and have some information about the book .
Books are very important to people and need some entertainment other than television .
Also people used books to study for the book is going to be read and then going to be tested on .
The books that are found offensive should be removed because people get very upset if they find out that the book is talking bad about them .
Unless some people are not mature at all and can't read books that are not even talking about them .
Movies shouldn't be removed off of shelves because people love watching movies and they are very entertaining to them .
If a movie is very offensive to the people , yes it is probably best to remove the movie because they don't want to watch it anymore .
But other movies are not even bad .
Yes some movies have foul language but people still enjoy it .
But sometimes in movies people hear something from the movie and they spread it around the @LOCATION1 .
Then everybody starts saying the foul language .
People just have to learn how to not use foul language when not needed .
Magazines shouldn't be removed because people love reading magazines especially sports related .
I know I love reading sports magazines because I am a very true sports fan and sports are very important to me other than school .
There are very inappropiate magazines that children shouldn't be reading and they should be removed off of shelves .
Magazines are also used for different things such as comics , housework , as for ladies makeup , perfume , etc .
People think that magazines are very important to the society