Censorship in libraries is almost a primitve if not childish way to exclude what one might think to be offensive from everyone else , is it not ?
Think about it .
A kid who doesn't let another kid play with him at recess today , only because he stuck his tongue out at him during math the previous day , seems pretty childish , and several much more reasonable solutions come to mind to anyone who sits and thinks about the situation for more than a second .
This scenario runs paralell with censorship in libraries .
A book is a book to be read .
That is , of course , an obvious statement .
But why read a book ?
To get information .
To learn something that you did not know , or to build on knowledge that you already had .
How do you cook an exquisite meal ?
Go read a book to find out .
How do you graph linear equations ?
There are books that will explain it for you .
Is it fair for an avid astronomer , fealing no need to know how long a turkey needs to stay in an oven , to remove a book that teaches that very thing ?
Now , of course cooking a turkey will most likely not come across as offensive to someone perusing through their local library , however , think about this .
The book has been written , so is that not a sure sign it is not offensive to at least one person , that being the author ?
There are things people will not agree with .
And just when you think you find something everyone likes , someone will come along and disturb the peace .
Not everyone likes rap music , but it is still playing on the radio .
It is free choice to listen to it .
It is a free choice to read a book , regardless of what it says .
Just because people have the misfortune to be subjected to material they find offensive , by accident or otherwise , and then project their disdainful comments toward someone in charge , does not mean that the offensive material should be thrown out .
Perhaps , radios and libraries can be even further examined .
Radios have specific channels , playing specific music .
There is a country music channel for those who want to listen to country music .
As for libraries , there is of course the @ORGANIZATION1 , but that is about as far as categoriazation goes .
Suppose books be even further distinguished by the location within a library .
A certain area designated for certain genres .
That way , if you happen to find books about @CAPS1 concentration camps distasteful , then you can avoid the @CAPS2 and @CAPS1 ailse of the @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 section in your library .
Problem @CAPS8 .
I find it hard to see something as offensive if I can't even literally see it .
You see , outright removal isn't really the best option for pleasing dissatisfied people .
Compromise is .
Now , after having thought about this situation for more than a second , I 'm sure you have thought of much more reasonable solutions than something so ludicrous as censorship .
Now the best part is seeing people enjoy books , and not being offended by the ones they don't like anymore