Having libraries is a good thing because it teaches children to learn how to read and get examples from the book or magazine that they are reading or just looking at it .
How can they help with children and family memebers that hardly ever knew how to read and write about them .
Some libraries have shelves some of them dont that is crazy but silly to.Libraries have books and magazines that is for children and also for adults and even grandparents .
How can they tell if there is a position that you have to put your books on bookshelfs and on a cart .
They would have to have alot of respect and also alot of body work to put the things that need to be in the library .
Librarians can have more than just books they can have cds , computers , and also a table that has coloring pages for children.I think they need to be removed because i wouldnt want my children going in the library and finding a whole bunch of stuff that they dont even know what it is about .
This would be a wonderful thing to do they should not have stuff like that in a library in the first place .
The librarians should convince the person that brought those in there and tell them to take them back where they got it from.I would think that they should just put stuff that would usually go into a nice and quite place to sit down and read and also there is other options computers to do your homework on .
Librarians can have stuff like that that is wrong that children see that all the time this is ridiculas and un called for that can teach them bad stuff they shouldnt be doing.How can they tell if they shouuld convince them to not have unappropriate things that should not be in a library that children should not see .
They could take a book home that they dont even know what it is about or what might be in it that should not be in it .
I think they should just take everything that is approprate and just send it somewhere else where it belongs instead of where little children can reach and learn whats going on .