' @CAPS1 Books , Movies , Music , and Magazines ? '
@CAPS2 do people take @CAPS1 books ?
Some people believe books , movies , music , and magazines should be sensored or 'band ' .
Why do people believe this should happen ?
Well there will be three topics that will be talked about in this eassy .
The three topics are children , @CAPS4 , and religion .
First , ' @CAPS3 ' .
Many parents themselves don't want there child to be exposed to viloence , volgure language , or even possible drugs .
Viloence is one of the main problems to do with all four of these types of entertainment .
Influencing there child could cause a loss by doing things as far known as stupidty .
Another is volgure language , to adults for a generation above us , they take it as being disrespectful .
News wide to this very day deals with drugs and teens getting more into them , causing an overdose that could lead to death .
Second , ' @CAPS4 ' .
Many people going from black to whites to eveyone around the world with different colored skin or more different type of features as one another .
Here starts racsism , meaning against ones color or there ethics .
Now to this day it has been calmed down but there was a time that certain words labeled certian people showing that they were less than others .
Leading this to riots and gang viloents to earning respect .
They want to be treated as an equal not less than others that which our ancentors did them in the past .
Third , ' @CAPS5 ' .
Religion is pretty big in the world and shows alot about the past and what certain people believe in .
Religion is shown in these four types of form in these objects .
Everyone believes theres is the right way and someone elses is the wrong .
They cause conflicts in between one an another .
So trying to keep them from bein banned isn't going to help for religion matters , because people do talk and some people out there want to change certain people to believe what they think is right .
So back to @CAPS2 would everyone or some take to @CAPS1 books , movies , music , magazines ?
Well it's going to be exposed sooner or later .
Options are let it happen now or let it happen later .
The sooner could be better or for the worst .
Either matters just let happen what happens , someone will learn from there experience so why banned now ?