Picture for yourself you , as a @NUM1 year old child sitting in front of one of the greatest philosophers of history , @LOCATION1 .
Days later , you come to find out that he has been killed for 'corrupting the minds of the children . '
@CAPS1 what ?
One of the greatest minds in human history has been censored because they didn't like his ideas .
This is censorship at a basic level , and it happens to millions of books , movies , and songs every day .
Censorship is not only wrong , its unnecessary .
Here's why .
@CAPS1 , when it comes down to it , most books , movies , and songs are meant to be interpreted in many different ways .
For example , some poems are written with a vague tone so that they can be interpreted in different ways based upon the person .
Besides , most music and books are meant to entertain , not offend .
Granted , some books are meant to be interpreted in a certain way , but that still doesn't mean that they were meant to offend .
Think about it next to you look at a copy of ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 ' by @PERSON1 ; is it really that offensive to you ?
When you are given a book in school for a class assignment , they usually expect you to read it because its of some educational value to you .
Books like 'To @CAPS4 a @CAPS5 ' provide a huge educational value because they show what @CAPS6 culture was like , but everyday , someone new is trying to get it off the shelves of every school library in @LOCATION2 because they find it offensive .
Ask yourself , is it right ?
The answer for me is no , since books like that hold an educational value that outweighs their offensiveness .
There's one last thing you must understand , and that is the fact that no matter how many books you take off the shelves , and no matter how many movies you ban , or how many songs you take away from us , the problem still isn't solved , its just been suppressed enough for different problems to arise , and those problem are that there are people who wanted to read this book @CAPS1 can't because you thought it was offensive .
@CAPS1 this person complains to whomever banned this form of literature , and the book or other form of literature is put back on the shelves .
@CAPS1 you feel it right to try and ban it again , but what does that solve ?
Nothing .
Even if someone doesn't unban it , people can still teach and tell of what its about , making the ban worthless .
I hope that before you think about complaining about some book you found offensive , you think about this .
Your complaint that causes the banning affects everyone .
It affects a teacher's ability to teach , and a student's ability to learn .
Is it really right of you to take away a good teaching material ?
Or you could ask yourself , what does it really solve ?
Either way , you still must know that bannig these things in wrong .