I think that the bad books , and all the adult books , magazines , and all the other articles should have its own room in the libraries .
If you don't want little kids and teenagers in those kinds of books and magazines then put I lock on the door and if you have proof of @CAPS1 that shows your @NUM1 then you are going to be aloud back there if you don't have proof of @CAPS1 then I guess your not going back to the adult section .
I say this because they have movies at the movie stores that are not aloud to be seen unless your @NUM1 , but the thing is kids have imaginations that if you read a book you can also see pictures just like a movie .
The movies in the movie store are locked up in a back room where you have to be @NUM1 or older to go back there and look .
I bet its ruff when your kid is reading books and getting bad words out of them and saying them around like an even younger sibling , because then thats just going to cause a bigger problem then what you started out with .
People have to understand theses days that kids are growing up way to fast to just leave stuff like that laying around .
Parents need to keep stuff like magazines , movies , pictures , books and stuff like that up away from kids .
I feel like once you become a parent you automatically think your smarter than a kid but yet kids are pretty darn smart .
I understand its only a word but its disrespectful to have your kids running around cussing and saying inaproperiate things to nice people .
When kids do that then othere parents that don't let their kids do that stuff think ' wow these parents obviously don't care ' .
I have a feeling that its never going to stop but it would be better if childrens parents did not let them cuss around other people ok at home if your parents don't care then sure but when you go out to eat or something and your son or daughter is over there cussing like a freight train its all because of those books she has been reading , the magazines and the movies .
Im going to close this little description now and im still against kids cussing under the age of being a mature teen