There are many inapropriate types of intertainment in the world but does that mean we should take them all away ?
I believe that censoring things such as books , movies and music in a library is not a good idea .
We would not have any diversity in the world or any type of intertainment because everyone has a different view on what they think is offensive or inapropriate .
With censoring materials in a library it will extremly limit on what we can learn .
For example if someone thought that a book about how an animal catches it pray was offensive then if a person was interested in learnig about that topic they would not able to .
Many peoples only way of reserch is at a library , so if they had on assignment for work and they could only get informatoin on it there they would not be able to finish their job if only one person thought a book about that topic was offincive .
Also people in the medical feild have to watch many movies deminstrating sertain proseedures .
What would they do if one person thought that a movie on what they were doing was offensive ?
They might not be able to save a persons life .
With censoring there would be no diverstiy .
Censoring would cause us to have a very small choise in what we could read for intertainment .
It might even cause us to not have any books to read for intertainment because it one person does not like a sertain book it can be gotten rid of .
So if not all the books are gone there is still going to be a few books to chose from .
It would cause all to read the same books therefor making the diverstiy very small .
I see only a few good points in censoring .
Yes , it would prevent children from learning or hearing about inapropriate or offensive things but , that is what is in our world and i believe that we just have to accept it .
Our society today is filled with crime , haterid , sexually things , and profanity but there is no changing that .
Censoring @MONTH1 hide that for a small amount of time but its not going to keep it away forever .
Censoring is not going to change our society .
I do not think that we should censor thing in our libaries .
It can only lead to a downfall in our communitys .
It is a great idea but i do not believe that it can help us more than it would hurt us .
Censoring will cuz a lack in diversity education and a realization of our society