What I do think is that they should keep everything in the library .
Some people like to stay and read the newspaper and listen to music while out in the library .
If you do think it's offensive , then don't read it or just pick out another book .
Everybody has their own ideas on a library and if they want their voices heard let them speak it out .
What I think about all this stuff in the library these days are good for the kids so they can learn faster and have a lot more to look forward to when they do get older .
My own experiences in the library that I do see that there is a lot more people in the library and there is a lot more you can do instead of reading books most of the time .
You can read magazines or newspapers to pass the time when no one is home or to hang out with , and it does get boring just reading books so try something different for a little while then go back reading the book that you did start with and wanted to take a break from .
Then other people have their own voice to say something if they don't want it in their library .
Some of my observations that I have seen were not really good .
I 've seen some protesters in front of the libraries and I have seen them close down because of it .
But people sometime can take it to far and do sometimes burn it to the ground .
I have seen people cry over it and it makes me really upset that I want to do something to help them but I really can't do nothing .
The most valueable thing is the kids and young children that read the books .
What if someone burn down you home , this is how these kids feel when you close down the most safe place to them ?
They have the biggest voice of everybody put together .
That if you do something that make them feel better that would be really good to them .
That they have not done anything to deserve this kind of mess that we put them through .
It is very difficult to have somewhere to go to read but there is nowhere to go .
If you don't want to be quiet then let your voice be heard aroud the world and have the freedom to let it come out .
You have three diffenent voices your own , other people that do or don't agree and you have your children .
So which one are you going to listen to ?
When you have a choice and you have to make it and hope you make the right one