Should you conceal a child from the inappropriate half of the world ?
Not letting them hear , see , or read the bad in the world .
Letting them grow up as innocent as possible .
Should libraries take these procautions ?
In a world like ours were bad things happen everyday when it comes to people comminting suicide , being murdered , goverment scams , and even terrorist attacks its hard to keep people that shouldnt know , from knowing .
It is very easy for our nation to figure things out , all we have to do is watch @CAPS1.V .
or even go to our local library .
While we already censor what goes onto our television , we dont think to care as much for our libraries .
Our libraries have anything from thousands of book and magizines and now having an equal , or more , amounts of movies , @CAPS2 , and videogames .
I think a library should have censorship when it comes to what they have and how they organize it .
There should be different sections of libraries , much like they do now , of age groups and what is appropriate for them , and to avoid people checking-out items that are from sections above them they have an age group security check on the libraries card fileing system .
This sounds very complicated but at least we are doing as much as possible for trying not to expose anyone to anything they are to young for .
When it comes to offensive material , I think that should not be taken off the shelf but put into a different place in the library .
Some people need to read some thing they find offensive , maybe they need to read it for a class , maybe the book is offensive but needs to be read because it teaches a very good life lesson .
There is a book that is called ' @CAPS3 ' its by a man with the last name of @LOCATION1 .
It sounds very offensive but it actually teaches people the origin of the word and how it came to be offensive to people .
It @MONTH1 be offensive for some people to read but it teaches a lesson in why people shouldnt say it .
Yes , there are always going to be some parents out there that don ' @CAPS1 care as much when it comes to what there child read , watches , listens to , or plays .
But , for there kids to get it , there parents will have to come and get it for them , that way the parents know what they are extracting from the library .