We all find things offensive , wether it be in a book , magazine , movie , cd , tv show , or a newspaper article .
Libraries hold all of those items and somepeople @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not want to remove the items that they think are offensive , but would that be right ?
If everyone went to the library and took everything that they thought was offensive off the shelves , we would have nothing left .
Maybe writers should just cut down on things that are innapropriate , racist , or things that include foul language .
Then not as many people would be offended and they would not have any problems with letting their children pick out books on their own .
Although , it @MONTH1 not be the writers at fault here .
It @MONTH1 be the readers .
Some people should just stop taking everything so seriously , then they would not have to worry about things like what their children are reading .
Yes most adult things now are innapropriate for children , but that's why it is for adults .
Children have their own selection of books and movies .
And parents need to realize that maybe they should take their kids to the childrens section .
All types of entertainment are categorized by age and people should start paying more attention to that .
If parents started watching what their kids do , then they would not be worrying about the reading or watching something they should not be .
That is what parents are for , taking care of their children and some people do not do a very good job of that .
If there is a book you read and it is something you do not want your child to read , it is probably something you read when you were older , so do not worry about it until they get to that age .
And maybe then it would be ok of they read it , because they are old enough to realize right from wrong .
Parents can not always control what their children do .
And if they do by chance pick up the book their parents never wanted them to read , they @MONTH1 see it in a different way than their mother of father did and they @MONTH1 learn a very valuable lesson from it .