Know you ask me to write an essay to a newspaper reflecting my views on censorship in libraries .
Well ok then I will you my not like what I have to say but I really dont care @CAPS1 if it was up to your dam goverment to decide what we could say or what we can read or even do .
Theyd have us all in our house with our hands tied so we couldent learn more then how to eat , clean , and dress our selfs .
Now the way I see it is that we have every rite to read any book we please when we whant to read it .
now if we dont want to read a book then we dont have to read it .
but we as a people and they as a goverment do not have the rite to take your books out of the libraries .
Now we as a people can press any thing we want @CAPS1 no matter what they as in the goverment thinks it is the people who run the stat not the dam goverment .
My point is , is that the books are there to teach us about our lives , our histoy .
Books teach us about what wrong and what is rite .
Books are here to give sceary story by a camp fire they are here to give kids a bed time story .
If we take thos books off our shelves you think the kids of your generation are bad just wait @CAPS1 the next one will be worse than this one i promise you that .
Now it is our rite to save our books , @CAPS1 if we do not then us as @CAPS3 will be lost .
For without book our passed is lost , our fock tales are forgoten , our kids will not be able to sleep at night without there storys .
Now come guy as a all pull it together .
If you see a book on the shevles and you think its offences then by @CAPS4 put the dam thing down and walk away from it dont complane about it .
No one told you that you had to read it .
So don't ruine it for everyone just @CAPS1 eather you dont belive in @CAPS4 and you think that the bibles not rite then dont touch .
its the same way around if you do bleave in @CAPS4 and you think that all book that tell about a witch or vampires or that my even have a hore house in just leave it alone .
its just a dam book let us read them .
See you guy blame us kids that the vido games roten our minds but realy its the parent that dose @CAPS1 see there is nothing more a teenanger like myself loves to do more than to do something there mom or dad says not .
So gut just back off and let us read and play and do what in the hell we want to do .