The views on censorship in libraries definitely varies from person to person .
There are those who are offended by the material that is out there for anyone to access , and then there are those who want the right to read , listen , and watch whatever they choose .
I believe there are pros and cons to each choice , either way you look at it , but there does need to be some sort of censorship in libraries ; the line must be drawn somewhere .
The lyrics in music can come off extremely offensive to some people .
The inappropriate scenes in movies , whether it be involving two people of opposite sex or intense action moments , are not something people of a young age should be exposed to .
The easy access to the library is part of the problem .
Someone of any age can get their hands on just about anything they want .
In my own experience , I have had the opportunity to get whatever I wanted at the library .
The advertising pictures on the cover of books , movies , magazines , etc.
, gave me a false sense of what the material really contained when I was younger .
I came home from a day at the library with materials that my parents did not approve of .
If you look at it from the other point of view , you would probably be thinking , if we got rid of all material that someone would find offensive , our libraries would be left with close to nothing .
In reality , I believe that once people realized that exposure to this kind of material is offensive , authors would change the way they would write ; directors would change the way they produced movies ; artists would change the lyrics to their songs .
So yes , library's shelves would have been rid of many materials , but they would be replaced with what the people want .
Others might argue that they have the right to read , listen , and watch what they would like .
This @MONTH1 be true , but shouldn't others have the right to let their children go to libraries without worrying about the gruesome material they might be exposed to ?
Although to some people this argument @MONTH1 go either way , if the line is never drawn on what is available , who knows what the world @MONTH1 come to .
From here , the material can only get more offensive , more disturbing , and leave a bigger effect on the minds of people .
Children will be exposed to the 'evils ' of this world at even a younger age , and if that is all they ever know , they won't realize what else this world has to offer them .
Authors , directors , producers , and artists will all change their material if we show them that it is not what we want .