Imagine walking into a library where the shelves are empty .
A library where there are no books to lose one's self in the pages .
A library where we are not allowed to read controversial classics that fill and open our minds to new views .
A library where works of literature such as @ORGANIZATION1 , To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 , and @PERSON1 are not on the shelves awaiting students to dive into their pages .
Some of the greatest books ever written are respected for their controversy and mind blowing ideas .
Censorship in libraries should not be applied because every person has the personal right to read whatever they like , has the right to broaden their minds , and has the right to enjoy a practice which is being taken over by modern technology .
A number of children in the @LOCATION1 are unable to read at their appropriate grade level .
This number is greatly increasing due to poor education opportunities , lack of interest in education , and lack of resources in the @LOCATION1 .
Reading is the fundamental basis for each and every school subject .
It is proven that children who are successful readers are five times more likely to be overall more successful students .
However , by censoring what books are allowed in a classroom and library we are taking away a child's chance to broaden their minds .
We are also taking away books that @MONTH1 interest a child .
Children are @PERCENT1 more likely to read a book that they are interested in .
Allowing a child not to read a book , such as ' @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ' is unpractical and harmful to the child .
By taking away a book that students greatly enjoy it discourages them from reading altogether .
A person not only has the right to the best education one can receive , they also have the right to read whatever they want .
Books open up a child's mind to new places and adventures that they @MONTH1 not ever be able to experience in their lifetime .
Books have the ability to broaden people's minds .
Some of the most interesting and controversial books that challenge an individuals beliefs and thoughts are being taken off the shelves and no longer readily available to people .
@LOCATION2 was founded on the basis of freedoms ; freedom of speech , freedom of thought .
Why should this freedom not apply to books ?
Why should any person be allowed to tell another person what you can and can not read ?
And why should these books be available to everyone through public libraries ?
This freedom should apply to books .
No one should be allowed to tell another person what they can and can not read .
And these books should not be censored in public and school libraries .
No one should be denied the chance to learn .
By censoring books in libraries throughout @LOCATION2 , millions of children are being denied the chance to learn .
We live in a world where televisions , computers , iPods , and cell phones can be found in most homes and in everyone's hands .
Books are thought of as ' a thing of the past ' and not up to speed with today's technology .
However , books are an important part of one's education .
Censoring libraries discourage kids to read even more than they already are discouraged to reading .
Kids do not want to be told what they can and can not read and by taking away the books they want we are supressing their minds .
Censoring will only make them want to read less , and play on the computer more .
Censoring in libraries is also a pointless and non effective method .
Kids with internet access can look up almost anything on their home computers .
The things they find on the internet will be more controversial then the majority of books that are being censored .
A favorite book of many kids is the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 series .
These books have been taken out of many libraries for their use of witchcraft .
However a child could go home and watch the movies or search the internet for something more controversial .
Censoring is pointless because children have other ways of viewing things that would be censored in a library .
Censorship in libraries should not be applied because every person has the personal right to read whatever they like , has the right to broaden their minds , and has the right to enjoy a practice that is being taken over by modern technology .
Today's youth is exposed to wars , terrorist attacks , gangs , domestic violence and drive bys everyday .
The world of books can be an escape from the world they live in .
Books can help a child overcome poverty , mental challenges , and violence everyday .
The pages of books fill them with hope and give them courage to create a better future for themselves .
The inspirational stories in books have inspired millions to achieve more then they thought possible .
Censoring would take away the chances for our future generations to become inspired by these books .
Censoring would only hurt our youth and the greatness that they can accomplish .