' @CAPS1 are you reading ' asked mom .
I immediatley hid the book behind my back , knowing she wouldn't like the idea of me reading such an in depth book .
Some parent don't like for their kids to read some content .
If it's not okay at home it shouldn't be okay at school .
There is some subjects that maybe we shouldn't but we do because our parents say no .
Removing said subjects will remove the chance of disobeying or parents , and coping behavor from book .
There are books , movies , magazines and music that is 'cool ' , but not all that appropriate .
Some movies and music use offensive language and actions that some kids pick up on and refelct actors , actresses and artists .
Soon they start making a name for themselves by using such language or actions and eventually becomes known as the bad kid .
Students such as myself are inferior to being popular or noticed , so they feel the need to do things to become noticed .
Most things students model after are the things they see , hear , or watch , such as the media .
It is wise to set censors in the libraries , for students .
Though some students don't nessicearily want censorship in libraries , it is only for their best intrest to remove materials that are offensive .
It will make students including myself better people by not learning of the things we hear about or watch .
I think by using censorship it will help student to make the decison at home to to become involved in such thing .
I have noticed that students often watch how movie stars and famous people act , if they are a fan or the famous person then they are more likey to model after them and do the thing they do .
Lets say I was a fan of @PERSON1 and I read that she stole something .
Being a fan of her I would either find someone else to model after or do as she does because it cool .
If I did the things @PERSON2 done my parents would most likely kill me , and if I got luck somehow and they didn't then I would go to jail for sure .
So in conclusion , I think censorship is important in libraires because it insures the well being of students and protects them form things they odn't need to be part of .
I would respect the idea of censory in my school becaus eI would know it is only there to help me .
I hope that all students see that it is important not to be subject to violence , sex , drugs , drama , through movies , music , magazines , or book