I don't think censorship should be practiced in libraries , @CAPS7 it's not fair to everybody .
If censorship was practiced everywhere , there probably would not be any movies or anything entertaining out , due to a large amount of people complaining .
I have a few reasons also @CAPS6 I think there should not be censorship in libraries .
@CAPS5 first reason is freedom of the press .
In our @ORGANIZATION1 , we are given the right of writing what we want , and if censorship continues , we will lose one of our rights .
I don't think that's fair to control what we want to write or read .
Another reason I have would be freedom of speech .
Also written in our @ORGANIZATION1 of @ORGANIZATION1 , we are given the right to say what we want , and nobody can control that .
If we keep using censorship , then this right will also be taken away from us .
We 're slowly losing our @CAPS1 given rights , @CAPS7 people are offended by books and things of that nature .
A personal experience I have was one day @CAPS5 friend and I were going to go to the library to get a book for our history report .
The report had to be over the @DATE1's and slavery .
Unfortunately , @CAPS5 friend was @CAPS2 @CAPS3 , and he had a hard time not being offended by the assignment .
When we got to the library , things got worse .
All of the books we found were over how bad the slaves were treated back then .
@CAPS5 friend was getting very upset at this point .
Finally , he saw another book making fun of the slaves , then he went up to the librarian asking , ' @CAPS4 you take those books off the shelf and put them somewhere else ? '
The librarian just looked at him with a straight face and said , 'No .
What makes you think you should get any special treatment ? '
@CAPS5 friend was dumbfounded .
He couldn't believe what he had just heard .
After he had came back over to where I was sitting , I had told him that she was right .
'
@CAPS6's that ?
'
, he said .
I said , ' @CAPS7 if she would 've taken all those books down , she would 've had to take about every other book down too , @CAPS7 somebody would find something hurtful . '
'You know , your probably right , ' he said .
Censorship isn't fair , @CAPS7 it limits us to our abilities and what we enjoy .
It's not fair to punish other people based on what they read , write , or say .
We all have our own preferences ; how would you like it if yours got taken away ?