Some people often go to the library to check out books , movies , magazines , etc ..
But what some people might not realize is that some of the things that they have at the library might be offensive towards certain people .
I think that everything thats in the libraries should stay there .
Obviously the library allowed it there for some reason .
So honestly it cant be that bad .
I do not think certain things should be removed from the library .
People have to realize that that's life .
There's going to be certain things that you dont like but you have to deal with it .
If you watch tv you 'll notice that there's some offensive things towards certain people .
But no one really makes a huge thing out of it .
The books might be offensive to you but to someone else it could just be another book that they want to read.With no intentive purpose of offending anyone .
The library is all about learning .
Everything is for educational purposes .
I 've read books that I stopped and thought about for a second while I was reading it and noticed that theres some pretty harsh things in it .
But i didn't complain about it , I just kept reading .
Alot of books are based off of true events so no matter how offensive they are to people , you just have to think what the purpose was for the author to create this book and same thing with movies .
So people can see what the author has to say .
Everyone has the right to have their own opinion .
And thats what most magazine articles are about .
Expressing what you think about a certain topic .
Even in the @CAPS1 class that im in now we had to read 'To @CAPS2 A @CAPS3 ' .
Some @CAPS4 @CAPS5 people might think its racist but it reallu isn't .
The author is trying to get his point out .
Of how things use to be before white and colored people were treated the same .
Now if you still think that is being offensive towards you or other people then thats alright .
That's why this is a free country .
Everyone has the right to say how they feel and not get in trouble for it .
So I hope i got the point across that it's alright for some things to be offensive towards people .
As long as thats not the whole point of what you watching or reading .
Which i doubt it is .
So next time your reading or watching something that is offending you .
Think about the point that the person who wrote or made the movie were trying to get across .
Mybe by it offending you it is getting the point across .