Censorship can be a very good thing .
It keeps inapropriate material from falling into the wrong hands .
It also keeps the horrors that are in the sensored material out of the community and that makes the community a better environment to live in .
But too much censorship can become a bad thing .
For instance @ORGANIZATION1 had an extreme censorship policy when he was burning all of those books .
There also several books that talk about the censorship idea getting out of hand like the book @CAPS1 @NUM1 .
Libraries should censor some of there material .
Books and magazines need to be censored according to there content .
Books and magazines both use words and sometimes pictures to get there point across .
If a book is using vulgar and inapropiate language in should be in some way censored .
With this in mind I should not be able to pick a book and open it to find sexual dialog .
I also shouldn't be able to find the constant use of swear words in a book or magazine .
Also lots of people get offended with violence and lots of gore .
Magazines and books also use pictures to help get there point across .
If there are inapropriate pictures in either of the two sources that material should be censored .
If I am walking through my local library and just see a magazine sitting ou with a nude picture on the front I 'm going to wonder about my library's censorship policy .
Another example would be that I pick up a book and start looking through it and it has an inapropiate picture in it , I am going to wonder about my library's censorship policy .
Also if a magazine has an extremly violent picture or extremely gorey picture it should be cnesored .
Overall if a book or magazine is extremely inapropriate , then it should be , in some way , censored .
Music is another form of media that can be found at a library that should be censored .
Musicians use artwork on the album sleeves to grab the attention of people .
If that artwork includes swear words or inapropriate pictures it should be in some way or shape be censored .
Musicians also play music of course .
But if the lyrics to there songs are explicit or has many sexual themes it has to be conesored .
Someone should have to deal with wading through music like that .
No matter what , if an album of music is out of this world inaproiate , it should be censored .
Movies are most likely the hardest things to sensor .
This is because they use language , pictures , music , and video .
Movies are multi-media monsters that can sometimes be very clean , and sometimes be very inapropriate .
If a movie is rated @CAPS2 it should not be in a public library .
Movies that are rated @CAPS3 for seual content , nudity , drug use , alcohol abuse , or swearing should be censored .
A kid should not be able to get his hands on that kind of stuff in a public library .
Also depending on how violent and a gorey a movie is it should be cenesored .
Movies that are inapropiate , especially ones rated @CAPS3 , should be censored .
The fact that this debate even needs to happen is sad .
But it does so we must censor certain things that people @MONTH1 get a offended by if they saw it in there public library .
Things containing nudity , sexual content , swear words , gore , and violence to possibaly be censored .
There also needs to be a line where we stop sensoring or pretty soon , just like Katherine Paterson said we won't have any books left .
But overall there needs to be some type of censorship in public libraries .