Do I believe that our libraries have some books on their shelves that they shouldnt have .
Well of course I think that there are some books , music , movies , magazies , that young children should not read about , hear , or watch .
These kind of things affect our every day living .
Lets start off with a book that has killing in it .
I 'm not a parent at the time , but I know for a fact that I would not wan't my children reading about that kind of violence .
Thats not something that a twelve year old child should be reading about .
Those kind of books could get kids thinking oh he killed someone why couldn't I , and thats how some kids grow up to be bad and have to go to jail at the age of @NUM1 , because they have killed someone or tried at least .
There also other books that some children shouldn't read about and that @MONTH1 be about slavery .
If a mother doesn't want their child to know about slavery at the age their at there shouldn't be that type of book on the shelves for a ten year old to read about .
I mean if I had family members that lived in the slavery days i for sure wouldn't wan't my kids to read about it , because that shows how white people disrespected the blacks and that could have an affect on that child .
That could cause them not to like white people .
Second is the music .
I know that most libraries don't have all that bad music that is on the radios , but I 'm sure there is some music that has something about steeling on it .
Thats aother thing that could give kids the wrong idea and send them on the wrong track again .
There's just some things children shouldn't hear unless their with one of their parents , and then that parent could explain to them that you shouldn't do what the song says .
But they shouldn't be in our school or public libraries .
The third thing is movies .
There should not be any movies of killing , breaking in peoples houses or fighting at any sircumstance in a school library .
School is not a place for a child to be watching those kind of things .
That just gives a young child the wrong kind of idea , and isn't approperiate for schools to have .
The last one is magazines .
There should notbe magazines at school of women in their bathing suits or men with out shirts on .
That could make the kid think he could do that and he could get him self in to big trouble .
Thats what I think about the books , music , magazines , and movies in a library .