If there is any books , movies , music or magizines that is offensive , then I think it should be removed from the bookshelf because of caution for little kids .
Everyone wants to look at different movies , books or music that isn't right for kids , but we all have too know where kids get acts from .
The books can be left on the shelf , if the younger kids does not bother them .
They have to know that adults don't always want to watch kids shows .
There should be a right that adults can remove books from the shelf if its not right for there kids .
Yes , books , magazines , movies and music should be left off the shelf if offensive .
This is neccasary because they can watch the movies and learn bad habits from the shows , listen to the music and learn bad words , and look at magazines and see bad pictures .
So have kids stay away from offensive materials .
There is a lot of younger kids that love to get into stuff they are not suppose to .
Such as bad movies not for their age , because kids learn their bad habits from t.v .
shows or even movies .
If the movie is offensive then it should definantly stay off the shelfs .
Inless it is just grown ups in the house .
If movies are just laying on the on the shelf or around the house .
Younger kids could always just grab them not knowing what it is and go watch it in there room .
Horrible music is just as bad , because they can listen to it and get their bad language from the @CAPS1 .
If parents don't want there kids growing up to be bad people then I advice all parents to keep the worse @CAPS2 away from children and hide them all .
They can always hide them in the rooms , in a desk draw for child safety .
Have all kids stay away from offensive and bad items they are not aloud to be around .
Magazines are bad to look at if they have pictures not neccasary for children .
Watch all children around the magazines or look at the magazines before allowing them to read it .
There @MONTH1 be disgusting pictures that children can not see that young .
So make sure they all stay clear and far away from them .
I would keep all items away from young children at all times , if they are not good .
Just watch all children around magazines , movies , and music .
All of these materials , all children can learn bad habits from .
If they are not offensive then don't worry about them getting them to watch them , because it wont be bad .
They all want to live a life sometime and act like they are adults .
So , sometimes you have to treat them like an adult .
Yes , make sure all books , music , movies and magazines all stay away from young children if they are offensive .
Movies needs to stay away from children because they can learn bad habits from the shows , music needs to stay away from young children because they can learn bad language , and magazines needs to stay away from young children also because they can look at bad pictures they arn't suppose too .