Browsing for a book at your local library that you 've read , wanting to reread @CAPS1 to enjoy the sounds of its words again ?
You look shelf after shelf , not locating @CAPS1 anywhere .
You searched everywhere , by everything that the book would possibly be listed under .
You 've browsed paper backs , hard backs ; eventually letting your frustration take over.Giving up on locating the novel , you walk over to the librarian and ask about @CAPS1 .
She replies with , ' I 'm sorry , we had to remove that particular novel due to a person finding @CAPS1 offensive to them . '
You 're infuriated , you decide to write a article to your local newspaper about the outrage of the books , movies , music , etc .
that has been taken out of your local library .
Personally , I don't think that the media taken away from the library should be considered offensive .
How can you consider what is offensive and what is not ?
A book could be offensive to one person , but not another .
Different people have different opinions , and @CAPS1's not reasonable to remove a book or other type of media from a library because @CAPS1 contains 'offensive material . '
@CAPS1's ridiculous ; @CAPS1 infuriates me that someone would do that .
If you think @CAPS1 could get into the hands of a child , or someone that @CAPS1 would effect , do not rent the item .
That's why at most libraries , there are seperate areas for adults and children so that children don't obtain these items .
How can you determine if something is offensive ?
I personally don't find a lot of things offensive , but just because something is offensive to me , doesn't mean I will request to have @CAPS1 banned so that other people can't enjoy @CAPS1 .
If you find something offensive , just leave @CAPS1 alone .
Don't bother , annoy , or hassle someone else that had nothing to do with its creation with @CAPS1 .
@CAPS1's not only disrepectful to the individual you file a complaint to , but the artist who created @CAPS1 .
You do have the right to voice your opinion , but sometimes , @CAPS1 doesn't have to voiced .
We live in such a closed-minded world .
We have people who don't even think @CAPS1's approprite to show one's arm .
I can see why some people take offense to these things , but honestly , @CAPS1's mediocre to report something just becuase you do not agree with @CAPS1 .
We have a vast knowledge of what's right or wrong , what is or is not appropriate for an audience to hear .
If @CAPS1 weren't appropriate , you honestly think @CAPS1 would have been published ?
Sure there are things in book , music , etc .
that are inappropriate , but to be so closed-minded to have something banned for use of foul language , minor sexual content , or violence is unlogical .
You can find worse , hear worse , just by walking down the street just about anywhere .
To answer the question bluntly , no , I do not think that media should be banned just because @CAPS1 is offensive .
We as @CAPS2 have the right to speak our voice , from two different perspectives .
You can argue if something is mediocre , is offensive ; I will argue back , just because I have the right to voice my opinion as you do .
These reasons that enjoyable media are banned , such as language and violence , add emphasis , meaning , emotion , and make the reader dig for so much more in a book , song , etc .
These are how the authors see their work , they want to show the people what they see , even if @CAPS1 does offend someone else .