Imagine that a person comes up to you and says , ' @CAPS1 is that you are reading there ?
Wait , I know that book !
That book is absolutely offensive !
How dare you read that ! '
Then , imagine that they snatch that book up , and you never see it again .
This is an example of how censorship works .
If the government notices citizens in our country with offensive magazines , books , movies , or music , is it right for them to grab it away ?
No , not in any way do they have a right to do that !
Everybody should be able to decide for themselves @CAPS1 is right or wrong to ; watch , read , or hear .
Nobody has to be exposed to anything that they don't want to .
Also , if a person truley wants to find an offensive form of entertainment , they will find it , no matter if it is legal to or not .
Therefore , I believe that trying to stop people from this is a fruitless action .
Remember when you would get to listen to your favorite bedtime story , ' @CAPS2 The @ORGANIZATION2 ' ?
Well , you can't read it anymore , the government declared the book offensive to camels and took it away .
Now , you have only a boring book on facts about camels .
@CAPS1 fun is that ?
And I have to think , ' @CAPS1 about the authors ? '
@CAPS4 thing that is amazing about our country is our freedom of speech and expression !
Stopping all that creativity from our author is tough and cruel .
Writing a great story is near impossible to accomplish with limitaions that could result from government censorship .
If a song is beautiful and sweet , but contains @CAPS4 bad word in it , is it a bad song ?
If there was censorship , who would decide @CAPS1 is appropiate ?
Would the @CAPS5 decide for us ?
Or would the @ORGANIZATION1 get together and read aloud the books before they were declared inappropiate ?
Personally , I would love to decide for myself .
And , as a mature adult , I can .
I have the morals and the mind to choose for myself @CAPS1 is good or bad .
Perhaps , the multitude of books and songs that we have now would disappear altogether .
It is possible .
It is incredibly difficult to imagine the entire country having the same moral opinions on our entertainment .
This could cause a number of entertainment forms to be eliminated .
So , how can we create a standard to approve these forms of entertainment ?
Understanding that there are young , fragile children , that are privy to all forms all public entertainment , some censorship @MONTH1 be required .
However , I strongly believe that this should be limited .
The censorship should be used only to help the kids .
This is similar to the way a parent has their children eat healthy food instead of junk as they are growing up .
When the kids are grown , they decide for themselves @CAPS1 food to eat .
Some of the items I believe should be censored are ; public commercials , children's television shows , and children's movies .
The things I , and many others , believe should be censored are ; profanity , violence , and offensiveness toward race , religion , and gender .
Later , these children will be able to chose for themselves @CAPS1 they think is acceptable , and the censorship can end .
Total censorship is bad .
Each and every citizen has the right to read whatever they please to .
And nobody should ever try to take that away .
Please , don't ever let people tell you your own morals .