Many Libraries today have limits on what they can put on their shelves .
Yes , their is offensive material out there in the world but , its just artists triing to make a name for themselves .
If we start controlling each others thoughts , feelings , and artist ability where will that get our culture that is rapidly expanding ?
Libraries should not have the right to censor material .
One way to appeal to everyones demands would be to divide the library into two major sections childrens and adults and then you could contiue dividing sections .
Doing this would be cost-effective and adding a age limit in the adult section so no noisy children could get into there would be nice .
It would help making finding a book easier for finding that right book .
Censorship is defined as taking out a paticular item , thats either offensive to a certain group or is banned .
If someone took out @PERSON2's @PERSON3 statue and other peices of work , we wouldnt get where we would be today .
If you take out material you never know where it could go or lead someone .
Censorship holds back many artists true potential .
Limiting someones knowledge could hurt that persons chance at becoming something in this world .
I have read many books that are both offensive in ways and other books about knowledge and intelligence and their is no difference .
Many things interest different people .
The author Katherine Paterson's quote explains this all to well if someone has a right to remove a book from the shelf than everyone has a right to remove a material off a shelve and so there would be no books left .
Censoring something not only hurts the person who created it but hurts everyone else .
Libraries should not censorship any material .
Censoring material hurts everyones yearn for a open mind or a better understanding of something .
As Katherine Paterson's quote goes 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- -that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 explains that if one person has a right to take a material off a shelf than everyone else has that right .
Censorship shouldnt be in libraries .