Isn't there a saying in the world called its a free country ?
I thought it wasthere are alot of things that people should not see in the world .
But we find ways to see it anyway no matter what it is the world has so many sources to get the truth or maybe even lie's to the world we live in .
From the media to the press to poparasi maybe even from the people around you they all help the cause of things that should not be being seen by the people .
There thing's out there that we the people don't know nothing about that the goverment and world shields from our eyes .
Then there's the things that we are showin by the world like @PERSON1 alot of people think what happend to him is offensive .
Not only that but racisim in general also the news why would people put violent things on the news like murder storys and kidnapping and robberys and many more .
People find that offensive and even scary to alot of people but yet we keep it on there .
So no i don't think it should not be removed from shelves and or were ever all things found to be offensive to people are located .
Just like when that marine died and gay supportors and protestors were near his funeral chanting with ( offensive ) thing's .
Say thank god for dead soldiers and god hates the army .
Nobody stopped that .
If we as people are not going to come togeather and work with one another about the things that should or should not be displayed then whats the point of telling someone else what is offensive to you when your going to end up doing it to .
And your going to do it with out a care in the world not thinking about who your hurting .
Everyone has and opinion and wants to demained it but people are diffrent and some will always see it diffrent than what you see it .
So if you see something offensive in a book or movie or outside .
Dont watch it dont read it dont try to hear about it from a friend or stranger leave it alone .
We put so much effort into hearing about these offensive things when all you had to do was leave it alone .
And then you wouldnt have even known about it .
Live life and dont worry about the negative lets focus on the positive of what you see .