'Can I read this ? '
@CAPS1 a round the world have asked this or been asked this question .
@CAPS1 have their own right to read what they want , but are the childern alound to ?
There are books that children or young adult should read and should not read .
This @MONTH1 vary for it depends on age , and the way the reader will understand the content of the books .
There are cursing , smut and @CAPS4 in books that for children should not read .
In highschool there are some books like ' @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 ' that has cursing in it .
For highschoolers of @NUM1 or older will be alright to read .
Highschoolers understand and has heard these words more than once before .
If a teacher gives this book to a @NUM2 grader they would not understand the full potential it hold for the learning of it .
Childern in that age range will not understand that the man is handicaped , then the childern would not understand the killing the handicaped man had done or why his friend killed him after it .
Will a parent let a @NUM3 year old read a smut novel ?
This depend on the way the parent was raised and how the feel it will effect the childs development .
An @PERSON1 book would not be approprent for a child of that age for the child does not , and will not understand the book it self .
The book is more then just that one part of smut .
There is a gothic and romanic was of writing to @PERSON1 books .
A child of @NUM3 years old would not have developed the mature way of think of the book .
@CAPS4 !
'
@CAPS4 is not the answer . '
Everyone has heard this saying .
This say is said but its not followed .
Young adults play video games , read books in school related to @CAPS4 .
'
@ORGANIZATION1's don't @CAPS5 ' is a book of a colored teenagers going to a white school .
This is a book giving the kids to see how things were .
A child in elematenry would think its funny if a cartoon is played for them and someone gets hit .
The children will is it a game and do not have enough background or maturity to under stand what is really happening and that it is wrong to do that .
For just watching a tv show with hit or punch the child will think it is ok to do it .
Over all there will be @CAPS4 , cursing and smut novels out there .
The thing it depends on the parents and maturity level of the person/child .
There is a wrong and right way to do it but for @CAPS1 it not right to let some underage read a curse , voilents , or smut