Almost everyone has a movie they would like to see , or a book they would like to read .
What happens if they take a trip to the library , and check the catalog , only to find out it had been removed from the system because of bad language or mild themes ?
I believe that people should be able to choose what content they decide to read and let their children read .
Some parents don't allow much offencive material at all while others don't mind it .
Also the books and movies for adults are different than children books and movies .
It would not be fair to remove offencive books , music , or magazines , from the shelf because different people like different content .
Today , we live in a world of violence and it is going to be hard to avoice violence and offencive material .
For some people , they want to avoid it at all costs , while others don't care or they like it .
First of all , different people consider the same content differently , and the titles being removed @MONTH1 not be judged fairly .
The people who want to see the latest movies that just came out , are usually going to see some type of violence .
With more advanced computers and technology , there can be more special effects and move violence added to movies easier .
In books , they @MONTH1 have old language that isn't up to the standards of today .
For example , in the @NUM1 and @NUM2 , when the word 'gay ' used to mean happy .
It is a whole different word now and it is a lot of old books and songs .
Some people @MONTH1 find that offensive and some @MONTH1 not .
Adult content is very differnt than children content .
Adults have movies and music based on real life situations and stories while most children content is based on the alphabet and sing alongs .
There are also the more grown up kid movies like @ORGANIZATION1's ' @CAPS1 . '
@CAPS2 one is based in @LOCATION1 with @CAPS1 training to be a hero .
During his fights , he kills the creatures that he fights .
So if the libraries started censoring mateirals , then a classic @ORGANIZATION1 movie would be considered violent .
The adult movies are worse in every way .
They involve cursing , killing , gun battles , and sexual content .
I 'm not going into any further detail about adult movies .
Being an adult , one should have the choice of what they are going to watch and the judge of what they are going to let their children watch .
Different people like differnt content and it is only fair for them to be the one to decide what they watch and consider violent .
An example one person might grow up around a farm and be used to seeing animals killed , while one who grew up in a neighborhood has never seen an animal killed .
When they both see the movie or read a book with an animal killed , it will have hardly an effect on the one from the farm compared to the likely painful effect on the one from a neighborhood .
Think about a gun battle scene of a movie or a death in a book .
A soldier who is in the army will take killings and seeing deaths much easier than a @CAPS4 of a company .
As stated before , different people prefer differnt types of content .
All in all , I don't think there should be any censorship on library content .
It should be up to the parents to make the choice of what they are going to let their childern watch or read .
Adults can also be the judge of what they let themsleves watch .
Lastly , again , different people like different content and it's not fair for one to choose what another can or can't watch