I do believe that libraries should censor certain materials .
Some things like music and magazines have bad language and racey pictures in them .
Some parents might not want there kids to be exposed to this .
Some parents might not know what their child is looking at in the library and wants them to be safer .
The easiest way to prevent children from listening to innappropiate music or looking at offensive books is to take them off the shelves .
Some children go to the library without adult supervision and have freedom to check out whatever book they want .
The child could easily pick out an innopropiate book and read it because there is no parent there to guide them .
There is nobody to tell them what is wrong and right so some kids might not know .
Thats why some books and music should be removed .
If you do not remove innappropiate books and music from the shelves you would have to have an attendent .
The attendent would have to walk and around and check out what each individual kid is doing .
It would be a lot of busy work and the libriarians are aready busy enough .
Nobody really wants to do that so the simplier solution is to just remove the books and music from the shelves .
Another opition if you do want to keep the music and books on the shelves is to have an age limit on the books and music to check them out .
If this were done it would still lead to problems like kids reading the books at the library but never checking hem out .
This is an easy way to get around the system .
A child could easily ask an older friend to check the book out for them , so they could read it later .
This is another example of how easy it would be to get around that system .
Therefore , the easiest way to aviod problems with books and music is to remove them from the shelves .
If this were done it is harder for the children to get the innopropriate books and music .
If somebody needed to check out an innappropiate book for any reason , they could go someplace else .
This is the best and most efficient way to protect and keep everyone safe