I do not believe there should be censorship in our libraries .
By censoring our libraries , they 're censoring us .
This is supposed to be a democracy , not a dictatorship .
A good example of censorship that has recently happened is rewriting all the @PERSON1 books just because they use the ' n word ' and some people find this offensive .
The thing is , this is how they talked back then , this is just the way things were .
People can't just rewrite books because they don't like the history behind them .
They can change all they want , but in the end it still happened .
We recite history so we don't make the same mistakes again , and this is a good example of it .
Music shouldn't be censored .
Music is a form of expression , and by censoring the music , you 're censoring the artist .
They say the things they do for a reason and they work hard to create the things they do .
We 're supposed to have freedom of speech , so now why are we getting these freedoms taken away from us just because a select few deem it inappropriate .
We don't make anyone listen to anything they don't want to .
Each generation has it's own style and music , has it's own problems and ways to deal with them ; our generation is music , so let us express ourselves .
Movies are censored due to language and content , which I get , but actually removing them from our libraries should not happen .
If the audience is mature enough to handle it , they should be able to watch it .
We don't need to take out curse words or remove inappropriate scenes just so childern can watch them .
If they are really that bad , they don't need to watch them period until they are mature enough to handle it .
Magazines should be censored in the same way as movies , by maturity level and age .
I agree there are some movies that are inappropriate , but taking out articles just because someone in charge doesn't like what's being said is wrong .
We can't just block out all the bad things that are happening in the world and just pretend nothing's wrong because the stories aren't being told .
People deserve to know what's going on .
People deserve to read , watch , or listen to anything that they want .
By censoring things , they 're only going to make us search to find them , therefor making it kind of like a reward to get to see the things others find so inappropriate that they 're willing to go out of their way to get rid of them .
You can't please everyone , so just elt us make our own decisions .
Censoring our libraries is like censoring us .
We have our constitution , we know our rights , now why are people nowadays thinking they can change them ?
They can't keep us dumb by hiding things .
We 're still going to find them , they 're just going to make it like a game of tag ; so let the game begin