In the words of the author , Katherine Paterson , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have a right to remove that book from the sheld -- -that work I abhor -- -then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 are countless books in the world which will offend someone in one way or another .
If everyone were to expect their feelings to be accounted by everyone , they are mistaken .
Everyone has a right to discover the thoughts of others as long as they keep in mind they @MONTH1 not always be pleased with the outcome .
Certain books carrying harsh opinions or uncencored material can be found on every shelf .
As my many years as a student , I have come to find books containing vulgar images and language .
@PERSON1's play ' @CAPS2 ' describes him in very crude ways .
Our class was very surprised at the language and sexual innuendos involved .
@CAPS2 was described as a 'black ram ' by his nemesis .
Comments such as these in books can mold a young mind into thinking name calling is appropriate .
Unfortunately , this is how children are to learn the nature of select authors and the world outside the classroom .
@PERSON1 also discusses a 'strumpet ' in ' @CAPS2 ' .
Once a mind is aware of such adult matters they will look at the world completely different .
Life must be hard for children as their books and magazines show racy pictures of girls and advertisements for products .
Magazines are a threshold of adult matters .
Once a teenager or child view all the vibrant advertisements and beautiful models selling products , they begin to lose a sense of reality and childhood .
The photoshopped images of tall , tan , and thin models make a girl's head ponder that way of life .
They begin wearing shorter skirts , dieting , and tanning all because of an ad they saw in their magazine .
Who wouldn't want to be like a model ?
When every actress , singer , and model begin looking like godesses , the men picture the perfect girl as the ones they see on billboards .
After the men picture the ultimate female as the images they see , the women will never be able to add up to their qualifications .
A whole cycle of being underappreciated and the obsession to be perfect makes the media more powerful .
In conclusion , the world has become absorbed in the unrealistic fantasies racy books and magazines provide .
Crude comments are found in classics and are a powerful influence on the mind .
Advertisements in magazines cause a sense of worthlessness in women and the feeling of unfulfillment for men .
Are you going to control you 're life or let the media ?