Remain on the Shelf ?
Certain materials such as books , music , magazines and more can often contian offensive information that many would want censored .
The people writing the items are not making them so that they are just plain offensive , the way people take in information is the main factor .
People choose whether or not to believe certain things for themselves , and with those come their personal opinions .
Books and magazines should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive , this could create more problems with the public and those who disagree on what has been taken out , that dont consider them to be offensive .
What is offensive to one person , @MONTH1 not be offensive to the next .
Items being removed because of a complaint made by one person should not even be considered .
Whether it be a book , magazine , or music the author had a purpose for it and it was not intended on hurting someone's feelings .
For example , a book about slavery could be offensive to a white man , but a black man would consider it to be about his history .
People can find many things offensive by just reading titles , or listening to one lyric from as song , but that does not mean they have to read the book or keep listening to the song .
Someone else is enjoying the book and the song could be what another person looks forward to everyday .
These magazines and books could also be seen as informing .
The material in a certian magazine @MONTH1 not be acceptable by some , but a lot of new information can come from them .
If everything found offensive was removed from the shelves there would most likley be nothing left .
Removing them could cause choas to someone who is trying to learn more about a disease , when another person who is suffering from it does not want their story told .
Certian materials being offensive can only offend so many , and chances are what doesnt offend them offends the next person .
Informing articles and books should not be removed from shelves in libraries because they are there just to provide a source of knowledge .
Censoring in libraries would also take away from those who are just interested .
A lot of people like to read and rent movies just for fun , but chances are if the book or movie does not sound interesting , it is not going to make any profit .
What is considered offensive to a person could be the interest of another .
From my experience teenagers are interested in alot of action and romantic films and books .
They often times contain alot of physical and sexual content along with a decnt amount of foul language .
A older person would not be interested in the foul language and content , they would consider them to be offensive to either the girl or boy in the story and would wonder why it is even being read .
Most would even say that the books and movies can be degrading to some , but it is what interests teens and makes them want to read more becasue they can't wait to see what is going to happen next .
Removing items such as these would push teens away from reading and viewing alot of movies because nothing then would spark their interest .
Scenes and facts in materials that could be offensive to a person are usually not intended to be .
People are not being made to read and watch what offends them .
Everybody is different and what offends my neighbor @MONTH1 not offend me .
Chances are that there will alwasy be something that is going to offend at least one person .
The more we all get used to it , the less many people will actually run into items that offend them .
They @MONTH1 still be offended on the insided but it won't matter because they will have realized that not everybody is offended by the same thing