Should materials such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, be removed from shelves if found offensive ?
Censorship can be a huge deal depending on who you ask or where you go some find it necessary so kids do not get into these things found in librarys or some @MONTH1 not think it's so important .
Books are important parts of peoples lives , learning , etc , they are also read for many different reasons but some of the topics books are written about @MONTH1 not be right or could be innapropriate or possibly against all of someones beliefs or religion .
I personally do not think that censorship is necessary to keep some things out of librarys just some thngs shouldnt be available for anyone to just walk in and pick up off of a shelf in a library maybe materials that are innapropriate for children or people @MONTH1 find offensive should be kept away in a different secluded section of a library and be clearly labeled of what the purpose of this room is so people will clearly know and won't really risk the chance of just stumbling upon those materials .
Another reason why censorship @MONTH1 not be necessary is that things that anyone could find in the library that @MONTH1 be offensive or innapropriate can be found just as easy if not easier on @CAPS1 or on the internet by anyone anytime of the day .
@CAPS1 has some censorship but not enough to remove the effect that @CAPS1 show or movie or internet site could have on the minds of todays young people and children such as violence , drugs , language , and racism that is found in almost everything today .
Todays children and young people should be taught of whats wrong even if they do think it's dumb or unecassary at the time when they mature they hopefuloly will see whay they were taught those things and why they should always try to stay away from things that are seen in movies , magazines , books , and mostly on @CAPS1 and not get involved with these activities .
Censorship I still believe is not necessary even though I know of all the innapropriate and harmful things in todays culture .
Even though I know how harmful it can be if they see the effect it could have on their future and what it has done to other people that saw things in movies , books or even heard it in music if they could see and hear from people who have been affected by these things they would know to stay away from bad things and go along with whats right .
In conclusion censorship is not necessary , it could be in the future but if everyone is lead to what is right they will hopefully make the right decision and stay away from harmful books , movies , music , magazines , and other things alike .