Many people think that libraries should be censored in one form or another to keep certian types of book away from people .
How does that really help ?
Even if you remove certian book or music from a library doesn't mean people won't still get that same information from somewhere else .
Besides many of the things that people should be censored is probably not that bad .
I think it is better for some one to read about somthing the have it happen to them and then experince it .
Like Katherine Paterson said if we let people get rid of book of music that they think are bad for people to read or listen to what will we have left .
Nothing !
Through people think censorring libraries is for the greater good , it just has too many bad side to have much of a good effect .
When people try to censor things they normally just take things off of shelfs and get rid of them .
But , in today world of technology that doesn't stop people from obtaining there goal .
We have the internet that lets people upload book and music to share .
So yeah , you many not be able to get a book at the library but you can almost always find it online .
In result trying to censor libraries by removing books and music really is doing anything .
How do you determine what should be censored ?
People all have a different idea of what is ok for the public and what is not .
Some book that get removed could insult a group of people because it related in some way to them .
Then you loss business and make poeple mad at the same time .
In some way isn't it better for people to learn about bad things like crime and death through ways that aren't real and don't hurt .
When things like that happen in a book they normally don't just stop there .
They show the results or how the situation was handled .
Which could come to help people who end up in the same sort of situatuions later on it there life .
Which makes it really hard to determine what should be censored and what shouldn't .
Katherrine Paterson even said that if we let people censor what they think is unmoral nothing will be left .
Everything will be gone , because every person in the world would find something is every book that they could find bad .
Even if there is a book that people agree should be censored , there are people that think the other way .
No books would be left if we censored libraries because people could find thing bad or unmoral in every book .
Overall , censoring libraries ends up being more pain than it worth .
It is not stoping people from obtaining the information another way .
There is no way to decide what shuld be censored .
And , censoring somethings will lead to people wanting other things to be censored , which will leave nothing .
In conclusion , censoring doesn't really stop people and ends up leading to bigger problems in the end .