What is the extent of reading that should be read by the public world ?
There are so many different types of reading and music that many people enjoy as a hobby .
Books have been around for centuries and can create a whole new world for readers .
The latest gossip can be found in many magazines .
Music is sometimes said to help people cope with life problems .
Movies can open up peoples ' imaginations and make them feel emotions for a theme of no importance .
All these things make up peoples lives .
Without any of these enjoyments what would people do with their free time ?
Books , magazines , music , and movies should not be taken off shelves .
They 're huge factors that make up the society and make life what it is .
Books and magazines are two fun things people love to read .
Fiction or nonfiction ?
No matter if books are real or fake they create stories that interest people .
Reading is a hobby that's been around since the beginning of times .
There are many different selections in reading , for example , adventure , mystery , comedy , or love stories .
People will always read no matter what .
Most books read are the ones that are sad and sometimes gruesome , but those are the stories that draw people in .
Magazines are often picked up when going into the check out line in a grocery store .
People love to read gossip , and learn about the latest trends .
Magazines provide a type of self enjoyment for people .
When reading a juicy title , most people can't help themselves but to pick up the magazine and learn what's going on in someone else's life .
Music is used for so many different things .
It's often listened to when driving down the road .
Many people fall asleep to soothing instruments that make a beautiful melody .
Lyrics in songs relate to common people and at times it can help a person through a rough challenge .
There is something about the different beats songs make that can change peoples ' moods .
On most @DATE1 nights , it is always seen that movie theatre's are very crowded .
Movies bring out imagination and stories where people can watch and follow along .
When watching a movie with a sad ending , most people cry .
Although not always real , it touches people on an emotional level .
Movies can bring things to life .
Life is what it is from contributing factors .
All people think differently and like unsimilar things .
Books , magazines , music , and movies all relate to peoples ' likes and dislikes .
Taking things off the shelves because they are offensivc or don't alway make people feel good , won't make our world any better of a place .
If anything it will take away happiness in the world .
These things make people feel different in ways that can't be described .
Most often things that are offensive is the truth .
Why hide things that are real ?
What would writers , musicians , and actors do if they couldn't do something just because it could offend a couple people out of millions ?
All these things are comfort for some people .
Books , magazines , music , and movies make the world and everyday life what it is .
They are simple things in life , but once gone they are a huge gap missing .
Things are fun and creative because of books , magazines , music , and movies .
In my own experience books make me interested in subjects , magazines fufill my want for reading about celebrities , music makes me feel happy when I am sad , and movies make me feel like I can feel the same emotions as the characters do.They should not be taken off shelves just because they are offensive , they are part of life .