Books are an extremely important part of literature .
Many different people have different views of different kinds of books .
Some people enjoy books , and some people don't .
Some people are fast readers , and some people aren't .
Reading is in individual task .
Your reading abilities , interests , and preferences are different from everyone else's .
The main idea here is preferences .
You @MONTH1 enjoy a certain genre or topic that someone else @MONTH1 find offensive .
But just because someone else doesn't enjoy it , does that meant that you shouldn't be able to enjoy it for yourself ?
Just because it is in the library , doesn't mean you have to check it out .
Just because it is the new release in the book store and everyone loves it , doesn't mean YOU have to buy it .
Other people can avoid the topics that they don't like .
For example , if the local library took out all of the books that had anything to do with drugs and alcohol , because they found them offensive , the fact that they took the books out , could be offensive to the other people who enjoyed them .
Also , some things could be offensive to some people that could be critical to research for others .
Then , some people @MONTH1 not have the resources available that they need .
If it is music , movies , or magazines , then it should be dealt with the same way .
People have a choice of what they want to buy and rent .
If a certain artist or actor is offensive to them , they should find something else and leave that @CAPS1 or movie for someone else to enjoy .
They shouldn't complain about it .
How would they feel if someone found their favorite band's music offensive and then no one could rent it from the library or buy it anywhere ?
Then , people would understand that everyone is different in their own way and not everyone will enjoy what they do .
I think that knowing that everyone is different and special in their own way should show that , everyone is going to enjoy different things at different levels .
Every book , movie , @CAPS1 , magazine , and any other thing , should be left for people to enjoy and hopefully you can find something you enjoy too