Censorship is a tough topic to discuss .
Everyone has different views on what is and isn't acceptable in libraries , because of the content in some books , music , movies , and magazines .
When you start to censor what information is available to certain people , they get angry , and it can cause an uproar of protest .
There should be an age limit on some materials however .
So how can you tell what is okay for younger children and teens to view ?
For movies , music , and magazines , there are already limitations on how old you have to be to buy or rent them .
With movies , the rule in libraries should be the same as anywhere else .
It should be that you must be seventeen to get anything rated @CAPS1 .
I 'm not sure what the age is to view unrated movies is , but for libraries it shoulld be the same as anything else .
Anything else , should be open to all ages .
Music is also a controversial material to censor .
If a @CAPS2 has an explicit label on it , you should have to be eighteen to check it out .
The reason being , is that some music can contain violent lyrics , and unless you are eighteen you shouldn't listen to it .
When you hear music that is offensive to you , you must be smart enough to not listen to it .
Anything any artist wants to say on a @CAPS2 can be recorded , and children should not be exposed to that until they are responsible enough to know what they should , and sometimes shouldn't be listening to .
Printed materials are the hardest to censor .
Personally , i don't believe any book should be kept from anyone .
The only type of book that should be kept from some people is magazines .
Once again , magazines can contain some graphic content , and should only be kept from anyone under eighteen .
There are just some things kids shouldn't see , but if you are a legal adult , and want to read any kind of book , it should be available to you .
With any of these materials , it should all be available to you in a library .
It is a place to learn about how a writer , a movie director , a music artist , or magazine editor feels about the world .
If we censor the material in a library , it is denying the public of the real world .
Also , we would be revoking the right given to us of free speech .
I do not make fun of books because I know whatever someone writes down , in their eyes , is the truth .
It is an expression of self , and to stop someone's work from being available to the world , you are taking away the right of free speech .