Magazines and Books I am writing an essay on should we take books , magazines , or movies off the shelves if they have bad language or have violant roles in it .
First thing we should discover is how many people like books , movies , or music like that .
@CAPS3 me personally like books that have violance and graphic language in them @CAPS3 that just makes the book so much more interesting .
And when it comes to music their parents need to be very careful what they let their kids listen to .
And @CAPS1 boadcasters need to watch what they put on the air @CAPS3 some of it can be pretty bad for a kid to watch .
The second thing is , is it ok for kids to be reading these kind of books .
I dont think it would be ok for a kid under fourteen to be reading about violance or hearing words that are graphic .
But its not up to me they need to take a survey on the moms and dads of these children and see what they think about it .
@CAPS3 it is up to them if they want there kid listening to or reading material like that .
And its also up to the childrens parents what kind of music they listen to .
@CAPS3 there is more cerse words in the @DATE1 than there has ever been in the history of music and the same goes for books and magazies .
Magazines sometimes can be pretty graphic when it comes to picures.me myself dont really look at magazines @CAPS3 they dont really intrest me I would rather sit down and watch what ever it is on @CAPS1 .
Then the third and final argument is how could we make our libraries in american more censored for kids .
I think the libraries shoul have different rooms that have different types of book in them .
@CAPS3 if you just have a library that anybody can go and pick up any book that they wanted then kids are going to go straight to the funny books or the books that are not suitable for kids to be reading .
They should make it so you have to be a certain age to check out a book that has bad language or that has graphis pictures or that just are not suitable for children .
That is why I think that books need to get into the right hands and not into kids hands .
Kids dont need to know bad language at their age @CAPS3 that is a bad habit for a kid to learn then they will go to school saying them .
And reading books that talk about beating somebody up or murder mikght get it in a little kids head that that is ok. And that is not ok with me