Cursing , violence , gang activity , murder , ect .
All of these are factors found in our books and music we have today .
Do you believe these items should be cencered ?
If books or music have these types of messages in them it is going to influence children and adult's choices on what they do in life .
I feel that , yes books and music should be cencored .
My first supporting reason of why books and music should be cencored is the fact that children and adults get a huge influence from the information .
Look in today's world ; murders are happening , gang violence , and even abuse .
If a book or song is advertising about murdering some one , or selling drugs nine times out of ten people think that is the 'cool ' thing to do so why not do it .
With people following uncencored books and songs it leaves dead people , inmates , and poor choices .
Most people want to follow what an artist or author is doing because they are famous , which is causing peer preasure .
The second reason books and music should be censored is the simple fact of respect .
Some books or music affends people by their race , religion , or their apperance .
You find most of the critizisium from music more than books , but it does occur .
Young children and teens shouldn't listen to or read about racism , sex , how to drugs , ect .
Books and music that have advertisment about these types of things is disrespectful to parents and what they teach their children .
The message brought from the book or song is basically saying go against your parents and do this .
A person should be able to sit and listen to a nice song , or book without getting disrespected and offended .
My final reasoning for books and music being cencored is the reputation it will have or has .
Books and music are just like people , they can send off the wrong message leaving a bad reputation upon others .
For instance , @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 tend to have a lot of bad messaged songs , so therefore most people think that all @CAPS3 and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are bad .
If songs and books were cencored there wouldn't be a sterio type against a certain type of music , or books have the best message .
A normal person bases the first song , or book they hear/read by if or not they or their child can listen to or read that type of material .
Love , positive messages , influencing good , these are the types of things most people want to hear or read .
If books and music are cencored there will not be any more cursing on the radio , bad ideas given to those influenced , and could stop less violence .
Again I state , yes I feel books and music should be cencored .