There are many opinions on censorship in libraries .
Some people believe that if books are offensive in any way that they should be removed , while other believe that these books should stay since there are different opinions on what is classified as 'offensive ' .
I believe that books should remain on shelves due to the fact that all people view things differently and its free will that allows people to pick up these books .
No one if forcing them to read them .
I believe when books , music , movies , and magazines publish offensive material that it is just a matter of opinion .
I feel that people have different perspectives on what they find appropriate .
For example , a magazine article containing information about the wrong doings of the political offices or a cartoon of a certain candidate .
Some poliliticians might find this article offensive and take it as a jab towards them while others see it just as an opinion on the matter .
Another example would be a book on religious purposes .
For instance , a book on an @CAPS1 religion .
Some @CAPS2 might take it as offensive if the informations paints them as being a certatin stereotype , but others @MONTH1 see it as educational learning .
I also feel like this somewhat goes along with the idea of free will .
No one can force a person to not read a certain book or listen to a certain song .
It's free will that allows us to read , listen , and watch whatever pleases us .
I feel that if someone was to go and demand that we take a book off a shelf that takes away from a person's free will who @MONTH1 be coming to rent the book that day .
Its up to an individual to decide on what they will read and what their take is on the matter .
I also feel that these types of media should remain on the shelves because of learning and educational purposes .
I believe that even though some of these books or movies might have a couple of offensive lines or phrases that does not mean the whole thing is offensive .
I think that the library is a place where people can go and research information .
Some of the material found @MONTH1 be offensive to a certain person but that does not cancel out the rest of the book and mark it as being 'wrong ' .
I think that we must decide on what we believe is right in books and tune out what we feel is offensive or else many informational books would not be available today .
The library is a place where our free will comes into play .
I feel that the offensiveness in books , music , movies , and magazines are all based on personal opinions and that they should never be removed from libraries .
These books all contain information that could be veiwed in different ways and that it is up to the public to decifer for themselves what is offensive and what is acceptable .
I believe that no one should decide for us