Empty @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is it wrong to censor ?
In the world there are today there is about @NUM1 billion people .
All these people make up diffrent groups with diffrent moral codes , ethics , beliefs , and out looks on the world .
With this in mind , there comes a problem with what is wrong and right .
The three subject that will be discused in this article will be censorship , expression , and society .
To be censored puts a lable on things that says this article is not fit to be seen , or heard by anyone .
Censorship was made to protect people from raw material that is seen as unfit or cruel .
Music is censored for the subject or matter it speaks about , wether it would be of sex , drugs , or poltics .
This goes for movies , magazines , newspapers , televison , or other forms of media .
the reasons that somethig is censored changes from place to place .
Expression of ones inner thoughts of the world or a genral area could be desaterous in the eyes of some .
To others , expression gives the chance to see who could be the next @CAPS3 vinci , @PERSON1 , or anyother great thinker of the world .
Censoring these people can and would be horrible .
The idea that just beacuase someone has a diffrent out look does not mean they are the evil that is in the world .
True their work could cause a problem , but their idea should not be shuned by the world .
The material they produce should be aloud to be seen by anyone of any age .
Society possess a big problem .
Society or how one should act in public is diffrent all over the world .
So therfore what is censored here would not be censored somewhere else .
This also mean what is wrong or right is diffrent to everyone on earth .
The society will have great effect on with is aloud to be seen or heard by those that live in the society .
if the society disagrees with the ideas of something the society will have it banned .
If this is let to continue nothing will be aloud to speak its mind on anything .
So @CAPS2 is censorship wrong ?
Censorship is unjust to those with ideas unlike others .
If someone can censor someone else then that person that is being censored could in turn censor the person that is censoring them because of that persons veiws .
So yes it is wrong to censor anything or anyone for thier ideas , morals , ethics , rules , laws , beliefs , or conduct .
Everything should be aloud to exsist and be seen or heard by anyone who wants to look into that subject of matter .
In conclusion censorship , expression , and society will always have veiws but none of these view should ever be hiddin from anything or anyone .