As far as opinions go , everyone has one .
Only in certain situations are people's opinions actually taken seriously .
When it comes to a debate on serious situations such as 'censorship ' , there will be an arguement for those who agree and for those who disagree .
Agreeing to a cause such as 'inappropriate book removal ' in ones opinion shouuld not be omitted .. At the ages of children , teens , and young adults , their minds are very curious .
If interested in something they will go out and seek information for it if the adult does not provide proper information to what is asked .
Books , magazines , newspapers , novels , etc are public reading materials that are meant for everyone to see .
Hiding it would be like robbing them of their right to be informed .
Not all reading materials are dangerous to the mind and eyes of the youth .
The issue is how the parents raised them to embrace knowledge that they see .
A maturity level must be high enough for that child to be able to understand what it is they 're looking at .
It would be useless for the adult to hide things from them until the age of @NUM1 , when they are legally obligated to consume any sort of knowledge .
The easiest way would be for the adult and child to have a sit-and-chat session for better understanding .
Removing novels and books from libraries publicly or even at school would do nothing more than just raise the childs curiousity level to the highest extent .
This , some would believe , would persuade the child to go out and experience it first hand so that they know what it is , and later in life know what to expect .
Doing so would , could , and @MONTH1 be harmful and dangerous depending on the act made by the child .
When the simplist solution would just be approving that child to read and be educated .
Therefore if one person out of millions dislike a book becuase they feel it can greatly influence one child to do the wrong thing , then another child who try and keep their self away from it can't be taught because someone had a deep abhor for it and decided that it was outlandishly inappropriate for someone , much as a child , to read .
To agree to removing information form the library is absoulutely purposeless , and @MONTH1 be an inconvenience for someone whom @MONTH1 have been determined to research something .
With all honesty , books and novels were made for a reason .
That reaason is to entertain , inform , and educate .
By removing every source all those who agree to the cause should also agree to the fact that they have no remorse for the outcome of how their child grows up and become someone they never wanted them to be .