In all libraries you are offered a choice on which book you would like to choose .
So if you want to read a book with no censorship or if you want censorship then you can .
The libraries should not take away books because of the content , in my honest opinion it should be the readers choice and not someone elses .
When choosing a book you have to think , do I really want to read this ?
each book gives you a little description on the back of the book giving you a little inside so you can tell if you would like to read the book or not .
I do believe if it has sugested content that you should not let little kids read them but at a high school level we pretty much are able to make choices for ourselves .
Music should not be censored because if a song says something that you dont want to hear like cussing or sugestive content then just turn the station .
You dont have to sit and listen to the song , you can change it with a click or push of a button .
Songs that are on the radio are for enjoyment and entertainment so you made the choice to go to that station and listen to the music that is on it , you made the choice and nobody can make it for you .
With movies they have a description on the back that tells what is going to be in the movie and what it's rated , if you don't want to watch a moive with bad language or bad content you should not have chose the movie in the first place it is clear as day on the case what will be in it .
On movie cases it even gives you pictures of certain scenes and if they seem a little sugestive then put it back and select a differnt movie .
Magazines are meant to tell the truth and sometimes the truth is hard .
Magazines are stocked on shelves in stores and on the front will tell you exactly what is in the magazine itself .
If you are really bothered by certain language thumb threw the magazine and see if it is approprate or not for you .
Libraries should not have to get rid of books just because some content , a person who walks threw those doors should be aware of what is in the library and what exactly they will find .
In libraries they have catagorys in which certain topics are under , by going towards a selection it is saying that you understand what type of book it will be