Libraries should or should not have books , music , magazines that are found offensive ?
Some people like things that are different than what you or anyone else like you @MONTH1 think some of the things are offensive , but yet again something you don't like someone else @MONTH1 like , and want to read .
Would if be fare to you that you like something , and want to read it , but someone else dose not like , and thinks that it offens them , and they should take it off a shelf at a public library because of what that person said .
I don't think that thinks like that should be taken off a shelf for something like , becasue there could be a person in school that needs soemthing like that is not right for a child to be looking at , but what if there is a kid in high school or collage that needs a book to do a project over that type of things , but also yes I do think that things that little kids should not be looking at or listening or reading something like should not be able to get a hold of because parents should not have to worry about them going to a librariy , and there children see something that they do not want them to see .
There are vary many ways that people that work in the libraries can keep things up from children that is to little to see or hear what there parents do not want them too .
Some ways that you can do that is by putting all the books and music that is like that in a section of the library that you have to be a sertent age to be able to go look or listen to them .
Lubraries are for everyone no matter what you look like or dress .
You as a person has the right to go in to a public library and look for something to read no matter if it has some curse words or some violence in the reading .
If you are reading those kinds or books you should be machure for your age and not have to worry about it .
You hear and see everything that you read about today so I don't see the difference in if a child hears or sees it beacuse you see it just about every where you go now days .
You really can not get away with out dealing with it