First , libraries are a good source of information .
At the same time a library can have pros and cons to its information .
Some information should be only seen by adults .
Have you ever wondered what if a child got their hands on an adult book ?
What's one way we can stop this ?
Next , you can find information about everyday life .
Through magazine , movies , music and books are ways you can find them out .
You have explicit music where the artist curses , and says inapropriate things .
There has been books from my past experiences where an author just talked about her sex life .
I have a past experience with magazines too , such as ' @CAPS1 ' .
All these have to stay out of libraries or put in a section where children can't reach them .
Third , parents should monitor their children when they go to public places anyways .
The library should be divided into different parts .
Music isn't really necessary at a library .
They could throw the music out .
Also , at the same time children shouldn't get their hands on the books but they would have to learn about that stuff in life eventaully .
The committee should have a contest in which people of any age of the community could write an essay telling their opinion also .
Finally , I 've came up with a plan to fix this situation .
I personally don't think they should throw these books out because this is how people make a living and some people actually like these things .
So they should set up an adult section in the library where you have to be @NUM1 or older to enter and a identification card to prove it .
Also , you must have a membership to that department .
That way we don't have to worry about censoring these books , etc .
Children will not be able to proceed in this section .
In conclusion , libraries are a good source of information .
So they shouldn't throw these books , music , magazines and movies out .
The library could just set up a different section for certain things and people of certain age .
In that way they won't need censorship