People that walk the surface of our planet sometimes feel the need to have something banned or atleast get some dirt on it to make people think less of it .
It is just the way our world works when it comes to something you just can't stand , but why even bother , just what exactly are they going to get out of it ?
If someone took the time to make it then we all deserve the right to view it .
I do not agree on censorship in our world .
Local libraries are a very nice place to go for books , movies , and information .
How is this to be such a good resource for people once everything is gone , especially considering some of the worlds greatest books ever written are the ones that are targeted by censorship .
I believe Katherine Paterson has a very valuable point in saying , 'Then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
because it is true .
People don't stop at just one , once something is gone they will continue hunting for things that they just hate , which will lead to people suffering from not being able to enjoy the things they want .
When I was younger , I remember going to the library all the time for @CAPS1 movies and books .
I personally got to actually see a book be removed because of censorship , although I did not fully understand , I felt that if I read it , I would get grounded .
Which is also not good for kids because they shouldn't be scared to read something .
We live in a place with the freedom of speech , but yet that right seems to be fading away .
There's still more ways to see censorship and how it affects the libraries though , such as actually reading about some of the cases that have tried to ban books .
Although most fail to be banned right now , the world is very unpredictable .
In school there have been many times where kids got the chance to read case after case about people trying to get some of the best books banned .
Which is funny how those books are the only books that were fun to read during the school year .
So that doesn't make sense on why to take them off the shelves .
Reading is what keeps us informed , on the past and even the future .
'Then we have no books left . '
if this is what people wish for then keep at it , but if there is some sort of decency in you , I would imagine when it comes to making an easy choice like this , you too would choose the right one .
Saying no to censorship .
Reading is what keeps us strong , entertained , and those who know the past are not likely to repeat it , unless books are gone .