The library is an important place for the knowledge seeker .
The library holds books of past and current writers .
It also holds information on past and current events .
Censorship in libraries has become an ongoing debate .
Censorship in libraries should not be allowed to avoid offenseive history , books , or newspaper articles .
Censorship in libraries should not be allowed to avoid offensive history .
One reason to ban censorship in historical events is because it would create a loss of information .
Periods like the holocaust , the genocide of about six million @CAPS1 by @LOCATION2 , would eventually die with the generations that knew about it .
The holocaust was an event that became known @CAPS2 wide during @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 which was a major historical event .
The slave trade would be another historical event lost to censorship .
The slave trade is a major part in @CAPS5 history that helped shape the country it is today .
Another reason to ban censorship in historical events would be because of their importance .
If we censor certain materials we began to forget key parts of history .
Keeping those historical facts poses an opportunity to teach and learn .
Censorship in libraries aimed toward historical events should not be allowed .
Also , censorship in libraries shouldn't be allowed to change books .
One reason is beacuse authors wrote their books how they intended them to be read .
An example is @PERSON2 .
The author of The @CAPS6 of @PERSON3 and The @CAPS6 of @ORGANIZATION2 .
Both books use the word @NUM1r to convey the tone .
Another examample is the author of To @CAPS7 A @CAPS8 , @PERSON1 .
Another reason to ban censorship in books is because that's an authors writing style .
The author writes a book how they want it to be read .
Therefore they use the language and words of the time period they write about .
@PERSON2 didn't use @NUM1r because he was racist , he used it to convey what times were like and how people talked .
Censorship in libraries shouldn't be allowed to change books .
Finally , censorship in libraries shouldn't be allowed to get rid of newspaper articles .
One reason is because newspapers was the way to send out information .
It brought peoples attention to recent happenings .
It informed people of what was going on .
Getting rid of that is just another loss of information .
Newpapers were key players in getting out information about @LOCATION3 , @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 , the assasination of @CAPS12 and @ORGANIZATION1 .
Another reason to keep from censoring newpapers in libraries is because of their importance today .
They continue to keep people informed of recent and also past events .
An example is the death of @LOCATION1 and how he caused the deaths of many @CAPS13 on @DATE1 eleventh .
Articles about views on the death penalty .
Censorship shouldn't be allowed in libraries to get rid of offensive newspaper articles .
The library is a homestead to the knowledge seeker .
There , they can read about past and current events .
They can also read classics by great authors .
Censorship should not be allowed in libraries to avoid offensive history , books , or newspaper articles .