First off , if there are items that people find offensive then they should be placed in a specific aisle .
There are things that only adults should see so therefore there should be an aisle dedicated to the offensive or inapropriate things .
And for someone to get into that aisle they should have permission to get into the aisle and show and ID so that kids and children don't accidently slip in and see things they shouldn't .
Because if a child sees something bad , then that might influence them to do bad things because they won't know any better .
Secondly , if an indivual finds a book or magazine offensive , then they can avoid it by simply walking away .
That person doesn't have to read it or look for it in a library if it's in a certain aisle .
But if someone is really offended by something then all they have to do is go complain to the person head of the library and it can simply be removed if there are enough compaints .
Then again , it's not that hard to avoid something you don't like .
It might bother you that it's there , but it should be out of the way for younger kids to see .
Thirdly , the library will contain things that are found either offensive or inapropriate so children entering the library should have adult supervision so that they don't see the bad things .
If a child sees something bad , they might find it interesting so they might want to pick it up and read it , which is bad because it might give them ideas .
Finally , there are many ways to avoid seeing something you find offensive .
You can walk away if you notice something you find offensive or you stay away from that area of the library .
There are going to be many things out there that people find offensive and inapropriate , but there's not much you can do about it .
The best thing to do is ignore it and walk away .
And if you 're that concerned about it then you can always make a complaint about what has offended you or what you think is inapropriate for children .
Putting bad things in an aisle is a smart idea because little kids won't be able to access it .
Do you want your children to have ugly images all up in their head ?
Does , like, everybody deserve to read or watch anything they want ?
Some think that offensive materials have no business being in libraries .
I believe strongly that these materials should be in libraries in most cases .
Censorship is of matierials that are not good for children , offend people , and do not look good on the libraries that carry them , should only be necessary in limited situations .
I have had a few disturbing experiences myself .
One time when I was a young lad , I checked out a horror movie from the local library not knowing what the movie was about .
I made sure my parents were not home when I watched it .
After about three minutes , I was terrified .
The images from the film stayed in my head for a good month .
Children do not deserve the feeling of fear for that long of a time .
Some think that if offensive material was banned from libraries , our society would have eliminated one more problem that is taking away from our good world .
I don't think this is actually how things work however .
I have been offended by some different magazine pictures before , but that I stopped reading Maxim magazine because it is a super sexist magazine .
I have read that libraries with bad material are much less likely to attract customers than libraries with censorship .
But I cannot cite my sources for this so it is not clear why I am including this in an essay .
Wikipedia would tell me , " cite your sources " .
I have a friend who thinks like this : everyone has their own opinions , but I am a firm believer in censorship at public and private libraries , because after all , it is your life , and you get to choose the way you want your children to act .
The problem with this attitude is that it imposes this person's perspective on the rest of society .
I will end this essay with a profound statement : live long and prosper .