Books on shelfs are there for a reason 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
Katherine Paterson wrote .
The quote in short words for me means what should and should not be allowed for children and what they should learn as children .
Libraries have non- fiction and fiction books as well as magazines , music and movies .
I myself like to learn a little bit of everything but of course there is things that I dont like learning when I am too young .
I like discovering things on my own .
There is times where I do like discovering new things because I dont know when life ends .
In other words I 'm surrounded by reality and have to come out of the fantasy world .
Magazines also just have a lot of trouble and sometimes , yes it's life but also its just dramatic things about people A library is a good place to learn lots of things .
You can learn about the history of presidents , countries , important people music , etc .
Honestly , the only thing I go there for , is to read and to check out books , but from books I have learned a lot .
There is some material that shouldnt be read and discovered when your too young .
Theres material that is too strong for some children and they should learn it as they grown not in a bunch .
Libraries should have different stickers or labels on books for children and have a warning signs for their age .
There is times where it is good to learn about life but you have to becareful because it @MONTH1 be to strong .
There is books that teach you a lot .
I have learned a lot from old books to new books .
I don't think that the books should be removed , yes they @MONTH1 be strong , but is our owns choice to read it or not .
There can be racist books , but they are there for a reason and it's not to make fun of people .
Magazines also are sometimes good because they teach good things and keep you updated about whats going on around the world .
There is also some magazines that just talk drama and criticize famous people .
I dont think its important and to be showing other people's personal lives or criticizing it .
That is deffinetly not good for children to learn at that age .
Magazines shouldn't be removed because everyone else has a decision at what to read and what to look at .
Music , at the library there is mostly music from like a centuries ago , but they were also great composers .
No the music shouldn't be removed because everyone has a different taste in music .
There's also new music , everyone has different taste and should choose what they want to listen to or who to listen to .
Movies , are a big part of life , so I think .
Theres a lot from them that I learn from .
From slavery to the future , there are movies where I have learned a lot .
There is also some videos that are rated @CAPS1 , @NUM1 , @CAPS2 , etc .
It is our choice to watch the movie without no one telling us if we should or not .
There is different reasons why there are certain books , music , magazines , movies that offend people , but it also has a significance .
Books are not racist so other people can be made fun of but to learn what they went through .
I 'm glad that I as I grow I know what to learn and when I 'm to young to read something .
I think it should be allowed because it's for everyone .
I dont think nothing should be removed from shelves even if the material is offensive