As a fellow person of the community and a person who often vists the libray , I think that books , magazines , movies , etc.
, should not be taken off the shelf .
The reason for this thought is because , although it @MONTH1 be offensive to one person does not mean it's offensive to another .
Taking various books and items away from our libraries takes away from many peoples ' knowledge of our world .
This in turn makes the world illiterate .
Libraries provide multiple things that are not family disscreation but , to the right age group offers alot of knowledge .
Movies are a large portion of this problem but , they are there do to entertainment reasons .
I feel that all items that are equipped in a library should be looked at as a way of knowledge and not as weither it is offensive to a certain quanity of people .
The removal of these things @MONTH1 become harmful to a new generation in the long run .
I personally think as a person who attends the library often , that things being taken away cause uproar in different ways .
I have read multiple books that have been aquired from all different sections of the library .
Some even pertainig to racism of my own ethinticity that uses words that are not to my liking .
I tolerate with the words do to the fact that I would like to know what my ancestory had to do in order for me to get where I am today .
Magazines are also a small portion of this conflict .
As like movies though they are there to provide entertainment .
Most people like to use the library for a time of relaxtion .
The library is not just there for people to take books and other things it also there so that people can have a comfortable place to learn something .
In conclusion , As a fellow person of the community and a frequent library attende , I think that things should not be taking off of shelves .
Libraries provides various things that are not at a family disccreation level but , @MONTH1 provide help to other people .
Some books pertain to racism of ethnitcity .
It's not meant to be harmful but to show what your ancestor had to endure to get your where you are .
Things like magazines are there for your entertainment and if you think it's inappropriate then you should'nt read or watch it .