Conflicting works of art such as books , music , and movies , have always been seen in libraries .
Whether it's @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @NUM1 , someone is going to be offended .
But whether or not these offending works should be banned is a common topic among authors , musicians , and movie-goers alike .
I personally believe that all of these works have a right to be seen , heard , or read , because the creator has put much effort into stating their opinion and have a right to freedom of the press .
You could take any famous work and someone could be offended @CAPS5 it because it displays something contrary to their beliefs .
But this does not mean that that work should be banned !
Banning a book would mean total rejection to the author's thoughts and opinions , and everyone has a right to those .
The censorship of any work is unconstitutional because as citizens of the @LOCATION1 we have total freedom of the press .
You simply can't apply censorship because whether you keep it on the shelves or not , people are going to be offended .
Also , as shown in @PERSON1's @CAPS4 @NUM2 , the censorship of books could lead to a society unable to have a real knowledge of the past and the feelings and thoughts of the people of that age .
To me , 'offensive ' books , movies , and music are not bad , they are merely a stimulant for debate .
They can allow you , rather than just the author , to express your feelings on what was presented in the works .
But to completely remove the cometition of the debate would be sabotage .
@PERSON2 @LOCATION1 that 'if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf ... then you also have exactly the same right and so does everybody else . '
@CAPS5 saying this she is expressing that if we all could go into a library and remove the books , magazines , movies , or music that we do not like , then there would be absolutely nothing left .
Every work would be remove because at least one person is offended @CAPS5 every work of the sort .
Therefore , to allow books to be read , music listened to , and movies watched is to allow everyone the freedom of writing down their thoughts or stances .
The censorship of any work , anywhere , is allowing for the 'shutting up ' of ideas .
These ideas are the ones that keep society going @CAPS5 making us think and helping to formulate our opinions .
@CAPS5 allowing this we are creating future generations of great thinkers .
In this case , @CAPS5 keeping books , magazines , and music on the shelves , we can continue to 'learn from the past ' and utilize the information and ideas that have been used throughout history