The shelf is an object that holds many types of diffierent materials such as movies , books , magazines , and music .
Its all media and entertainment .
But not everyone likes the media because one or all of these materials @MONTH1 be offensive towards the foriegn and children .
Censorship in our libraries could get a little graphic and such .
Yes we all the it in movies and music , but we do not want it in our libraries .
A library is a place for study and learning for educational purposes .
There are not for entertainment and things of that nature .
Sometimes they could be a little fun but for the most part , people would like to take there children and show them something to help there minds focus on school .
By all @CAPS1 rated @CAPS2 movies , dirty music , adult books and magzines should be taken off the shelves .
One day as I was in the state library looking on the shelves for a book on @LOCATION1 and its people .
As I was reading the book , it said some very mean and offensive things about the @CAPS3 people .
I thought to myself that this book should be takken of the shelves forever and never seen again .
It shocked me that someone would put that book in a public library and let the foreign and others read it .
After some people read about the @CAPS3 people ; They had second thoughts and started get angey and disliking them for theses things and offensive comments made !
Magazines and movies should be taken of the shelves in the catagories in my opinion of the poeple in different countries and the way they live .
That could be very sad for someone because they could of really went through everything in that movie or what ever that magzines says .
Another reason censorship should be under control is the titles to these materials .
If a child looks at an adult film and it happens to be for a child , wouldnt you think thats a little offensive ?
I know I would .
There is no way I want my child watching some violet movie .
We have to think for our children and the people that come in form different countries when it comes to public libraries .
If censorship is not observed carfully then we could make the foriegners very angry or make our children become very violet and reckless because of the films on the shelves , and the people that come in to our country would never come back if they picked up the book that they might of thought that was int interesting but turns out to be very offensive in there opinion .
Censorship is very imprtant in libraries and on the shelves