If someone is offended by a book or a movie from a library , should they be able to get it removed ?
In the following I want to explain my opinion towards censorship in libraries .
If some parents see a book they are offended by , and they don't think their children should be able to get it from the library , they could just forbid them to read it .
I don't think they should be able to remove it , even though they might think other children shouldn't be able to get it either , but that's not their decision .
Every parent has to decide on their own , if they want their children to get certain books , but one parent shouldn't be able to decide for everyone else by removing a book .
Some people might be offended by certain books in libraries , but just because one person is offended by a book , doesn't mean that everyone else is going to be offended by it .
Does this one person have the right to say that a book should be removed ?
It is their personal opinion that they don't like it , but by removing it they would also keep other people from reading it , and that is not fair .
Different people like different books , and are offended by different books , so if everyone would remove a book they don't like from the library , there wouldn't be any books left .
I think if someone is offended by a book , they just shouldn't read it .
They could tell their friends and family not to read it , because they thought it was offensive , but in the end everyone should decide for themselves .
I don't think people should be able to remove books from the libraries , but if the library itself thinks a book is offensive , then they shouldn't have it .
It is their library , so it's their decision what books they want to have there .
i also think that when the library doesn't have certain books , because they really pay attention to the books they take in their library , that that should be good enough for other people .
So all in all I don't think people should be able able to remove certain books , because everyone has their own opinion towards what is offensive , and what isn't .
We all should be able to read or see , what we want to , and not what others think we should .