Everywhere I go , there always seems to be something , small or big , that can be considered offensive .
Because of these offensive things , there is often censorship in public places .
It is acceptable to view non-noncensored materials at your own disgression and privacy , but not very acceptable to do so in public .
I believe that censorship is necessary in libraries because of the wide range of audiences , the public materials , and the opinions of certain people .
Libraries are considered public places and have a wide range of audiences .
Whether it be children , teens , adults , or elders , some things are inappropriate and should not be accessible to certain people .
This is directed mainly to children , however .
Like the quote mentioned , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '
@CAPS1 put these offensive books in libraries then ?
Censorship will block out inappropriate parts of books , movies , music , and magazines in order to make these materials more suitable for all age groups .
Because libraries are considered public places , their materials are considered public property .
Everyone has the right to these materials .
However , not every library will have the book , magazine , or movie you could be searching for due to the fact that it @MONTH1 contain profanity , or inappropriate content .
Some people @MONTH1 be against censorship in libraries , but there often is not censorship in bookstores , movie stores , music libraries , etc .
If you desire a certain non-censored material , then go purchase it .
That way the material will no longer be public , but rather your own and you can do with it whatever you choose .
We now live in a world where everyone voices their opinion freely and you can not be punished for doing so .
Libraries are targeted toward every age group and censorship just allows everything to be appropriate for everyone .
Certain parents do not allow their children to read certain books , view certain movies , or listen to certain music and this is just because it is their opinion and their parenting .
Some parents , on the other hand , do allow their children to partake in inappropriate materials , and that is perfectly fine , because it is their parenting and their children .
However , libraries should not have the right to introduce inappropriate things into the lives of children ; that should be the decision of the parents or gaurdians .
In conclusion , censorship should be allowed in libraries because of the wide-range audience , public materials , and the strong opinions of the people .
Everyone deserves to read , watch , and listen to whatever they choose , but not everyone deserves to be around inappropriate things in public places .
Not everyone can be happy , but everyone can be appropriate