'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 quote from @PERSON1 voices a strong point on citizenship .
Censorship happens everywhere you are .
Whether its a book , a magazine article , or even a tv show things are censored .
Censoring things doesn ' @CAPS7 make anything more enjoyable , but infact makes less things enjoyable .
I think that things that are offensive should niot be removed from the shelf .
Censorship diasble the viewer and or reader to be able to enjoy the full potential of things .
I myself watch tv shows all of the time .
When the censor things it makes me angry .
I already know what the words are so why censor it .
@PERSON2 wrote a famous book called @ORGANIZATION1 .
and that books has been banned from being taught in schools simply because it says a racial term .
I have two things to say about it .
One if it offends you then you shouldn ' @CAPS7 watch or read it .
Second one would have to consider the time and age that the book has taken place and that was language used back then .
So then one could take in thoght when the book was written , what was the time of when the book had taken place , ect .
There are two books that I read called the @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 @NUM1 .
Both books have one thing in common .
The use of censorship in their society .
In @CAPS3 @NUM1 books are censored .
@CAPS1 causes one to challenge that concept because he and others felt that it wasn ' @CAPS7 fair for books to be banned .
Also in the @CAPS2 a boy challenges his @CAPS6 society because they too censored certain things .
Censorship also happens in todays ' media .
Some example are @CAPS7.V shows .
TV censors vulgar language , and sometimes violence and gore .
Now its understandable to censor childrens shows but shows for mature audiences are unacceptable .
Considering the freedom of speech one can express .
Also mature shows are only ment for mature people to watch them so why censor them ?
Katherine Paterson makes a valid point in her quote .
I feel that if you find something to be offensive then don ' @CAPS7 read or watch it .
If you feel that something is so offensive to you that you have to compell otheras in to believings what you think then you are wrong .
People should have the right to read , watch , or listen to anything they want uncensored .