Does censorship solve any problems ?
If one person wants to censor something in a library , there is bound to be another person on the other side of that arguement trying to protect that work from be taken away .
As a free country , it is every individuals right to take in whatever form of literature or music that they find pleasing , and history has shown the world that censorship leads those in power down a dark road .
The shielding of offensive materials is only necessary and fair when the young , impressionable minds of the world's youth are at stake , but once a person is old enough to make informed decisions , it should be their perrogative to choose their own material .
Censorship is unacceptable on the grounds of personal rights and how it has affected history , but necessary when protecting the young .
It is a person's right to choose what kind of literature they would like to read .
If someone does not like a book and it becomes banned from a library , then everyone will want to have a book that they do not like banned .
For example take a hypothetical public library : a public library is an open , free place where men , women , and children of any background can come to learn and enjoy themselves with a good book , magazine , or music .
A great mental image of serenity and peace .
How does this picture appear to a bystander once books begin to disappear off of the shelves ?
Suddenly right and left , books are disappearing as if by magic : a ceratin book is disapproved of by mothers , a religious group does not like the message this book sends , and this book makes people sad .
Before long , there are not very many books left in this hypothetical library other than books for toddlers .
With this system , everyone suffers .
Everyone should retain their right to read what they would like to .
It would all just be simpler if book were just not banned from libraries .
History has given the world many a cruel dictator .
Oftentimes , once he comes to power , he is not the most popular of governmental forms .
To keep his subjects underneath his rule , often he has to resort to taking away civil rights .
This could be a curfew , fake elections , or censorship .
If the ruler has the power of censorship , he or she can control what the public thinks , feels , and believes .
With this power over them , the people are weakened and often abused .
Now imagine that censorship occuring in a country that has civil rights .
People would not stand for it .
So why begin censorship in an area that promotes freedom ?
There is absolutely no need for censorship to occur , and as history has shown , it certainly is not a good thing .
Censorship is unacceptable in all forms in a free country that promotes civil rights .
There is , however , one other element at play here : protection of youth and innocence .
Almost everyone can remember a time a child when they were young and innocent , free of worry and trouble .
That can disappear in a instant .
Children should not be exposed to things that are innappropriate for their age .
Nearly every movie nowadays has violent and risque , if not full-blown-adult , materials present in it .
The age of innocence is getting younger every generation , and children are becoming conditioned to this material to an extreme point .
A claim like this @MONTH1 sound hypotcritical coming from the mouth of one against censorship , but it is not 'censorship ' when one is protecting the young .
Due to personal rights and what history has shown the world , censorship should never be tolerated unless on the grounds of protecting children .
It is each person's choice of what they would like to read and absorb , so their choices should not be infringed upon .
The world has seen on several occasions what censorship can do to people .
Also , children should be protected , and that is not censorship .
Censorship solves no problems , but it makes everyone unhappy .
Therefore , why censor