When @LOCATION2 was made and our fore fathers signed the constituition of the @LOCATION1 , freedom was the big kahuna .
With every signature endorsment added to the constituion , @LOCATION2 became one of the few countries with freedom in every right .
Laws such as 'you are innocent until proven guilty ' and freedom of speech have made our country stand out from other nations that suppress thier own people.Freedom is @LOCATION2's middle name and it is the birth right to our future !
Freedom of speech has been shown everywhere and even though some people's voices say a little too much it is still a right given to us so we must accept the nonsense that is said .
Offensive things are common , since we are all differnt and the variety of ethnic groups in @LOCATION2 are so vast , that at one point in time someones toe are going to get seriously stepped on .
This is not tolerated but still it goes on through the world .
Freedom of speech is a unidentified form of express , since it is allowed to say what you feel but sometimes it is said to much and you end up in a fight .
Speech is still a freedom though , and if we cut out freedom we would be in a bad spot .
Genocide , and inlawful inprisonment are two factors that happen regulary on account of no freedom .
If you speak out against a powerful figure , you go to jail .
If you belief in something differnt armys come and kill you , all because some country do not have freedom like @LOCATION2 .
This freedom might cause controversy and produce offensive products such as reading material and videos but its alot better than living under the shadow of a dictator .
Crude forms of freedom always end up on magazines , books , and cd's but if you think about it there being produced then they are being bought , or they would not be made at all .
On certain occasions items are not being made for economical benefit but mearly on belief and religous values , that is also a freedom that many have paid with there life , to have .
Also with the production of books , movies , and cd's you are protected from being exposed to points of view you do not like these things do have a rated supervision system , and if you do not like the product put it down and walk away , yes it is that easy .
I do not see freedom being thrown out the window anytime soon , we might just have to keep living with offensive products .
We should all just be glad we live in afree society that lets us express our diffrence without being killed in the process .
You cant just go take the constitution and disgard like trash so society will just have to bear the burden of expressed freedom .
Freedom comes in disc and books but it is still @LOCATION2's middle name and the birth right to our future