Do you think that books , movies , music , etc.
, should be moved if they are found offensive ?
I can't choose @CAPS3 they are both understandable .
Therefore , I well dicuss how i feel about it in this essay and what I have experience on this topic .
Well lets get started !
I could go both ways with this .
But first I well just discuss the way I disagree with removing offensive things .
Material that is instersting to many people mght not be instersting to me .
I mean everyone should be able to listen and read things that the loved and enjoy .
And I could really careless what other people loved to read and listen to .
Someday , we all might come to enjoy things that we wouldn't every think we would .
It's just that simply .
I mean I love romance and scary books , and someone else might dislike them both .
Noone can tell anyone what they should like or dislike .
I agree in away too !
When people make a big deal out of somethings it kind of gets on your nerves , like when your mom is telling you make sure room is clean all the time !
I agree with this @CAPS3 something maybe to offensive to someone and doesn't want their children .
One time I was in a library looking at this book that really seemed good to read .
But then some lady told me that I shouldn't read it @CAPS3 it to much for me .
But it was just right for me .
@CAPS2 went up to the main desk and started complaining .
I was like , 'Are you serious ? '
I didn't want to be rude so I told her calmly , ' @CAPS1 are you so worried about what I am reading ? '
@CAPS2 replied , ' @CAPS3 , the book is to reviling . '
I showed her what the book was called , ' @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 ' .
We ended the agruement .
I still checked out the book , @CAPS3 I knew I would love it , and I do !
They should just put things aside , that they think well be offensive and let people ask for the things .
So people won't make a big deal out of it .
Just keep the peace and give everyone what they want .
Well I 'm done now .
Hope you understand both sides of the agruement .
Just remember that if you agree or disagree.Or you like me , who can't choice or understands both sides .
It's your decision and noone can make you change what you love and enjoy to read or listen to .
But I can't pick aside @CAPS3 either way their both a understandable .