As @CAPS1 , we are entitled to both freedom of speech and freedom of the press .
However , these rights are somewhat suppressed in the censorship of media at libraries .
I can understand why libraries feel that they need to ban certain works ; there are many children that frequent libraries , and having explicit content could deter parents from allowing them to visit .
Surely , though , the media in question could be placed in a seperate area , off-limits to anyone under a certain age .
Even if someone gets their hands on one of these works , safeguards could be used at the front desk to keep them from borrowing the material .
Their library card would show their age , and the worker would not allow them to check out the work if they were too young .
Furthermore , I trust in people's common sense .
If they believe that a book or movie will be too adult for them , they will avoid checking it out of the library .
Parents , as well , will surely not allow their children to borrow risque material .
Information is open to those that search for it , and the knowledge it brings prevents unwanted results .
There are those that want this content banned because it does not conform to their morals , but this is really just setting restrictions on other's freedoms .
They @MONTH1 think it is too explicit , but another @MONTH1 not .
That other person might want to use the material , but because of restrictions set by the first person , the borrowing of the work becomes prohibited .
It seems that if the first doesn't agree with the material , they could just let it be , and not bring others into the dispute .
People know their limits and generally make sure they don't cross them .
I think this conflict represents the @CAPS2 way of life in itself .
When a disagreement arises , no matter what the topic , one group of people wants to basically control what everyone else can or can not do .
They organize protests , sign petitions , etc .
True , people do protest laws , and with good reason .
However , there really is no need to argue over petty issues that could easily be avoided if people were to just use common sense to reach a consensus .
I think this censorship issue is a prime example of that .
When it comes to these kinds of debates , we need to learn that we can't be too quick to place restrictions ; that we should leave others to do what they think is best for themselves .
The best course of action is to leave others alone concerning simple things such as this , and to avoid placing any restrictions on anyone's works , rights , and freedom .
To paraphrase @ORGANIZATION1 , I @MONTH1 not agree with what you say , but I will fight to the death your right to say it .