Readers of the @ORGANIZATION1 , Censorship in libraries should never be an issue .
It is a very simple concept .
Obviously , no one wants their children being exposed to inappropriate reading material or movies .
If a child wishes to visit the public library , their parents shouldn't have to worry about what their children will be looking at there .
A library should be a family-friendly place where children can get together for story time , or where college students can study .
I remember going to the library all the time when I was younger .
I would read a different story every week with a large group of kids in the community .
It was something I enjoyed doing .
Don't you want your community library to be a place where children can learn and enjoy themselves ?
Unfortunately , some libraries do have offensive reading material , movies , music , etc .
It is the responsibility of the library employees to put these offensive materials in the adult reading section of the building .
Parents should tell their children that the adult section is off-limits , and the library employees should keep children from every being in that restricted area .
These items @MONTH1 be offensive to some people , and they @MONTH1 be too inappropriate for children .
However , there are some readers who have the right to look at these materials if they want .
That's why they shouldn't be taken off of the shelves completely , just removed from the rest of the books , music , movies , etc .
I am not one to deny anyone their rights .
Even though I don't personally see the need for offensive reading materials in a public library , that doesn't mean that someone else shouldn't get to view these items .
All in all , we have to be fair .
Would you want someone taking away your right to do something you like to do because they find it offensive ?
No , nobody wants that .
However , we still have to be reasonable about it .
If there are going to be adult reading materials in a community library , they have to be in an area where children aren't allowed .
It's just common courtesy , and everyone has to cooperate .
This is why censorship in libraries should never be an issue .
I hope that you can see it my way , and help me in fixing this issue once and for all .
Sincerely , @LOCATION1