We all have that favorite book , mine is ' OF @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 . '
@CAPS3 is a book I would recomend to anybody , but there are libraries that have some books that are so bad I would be scared if my mom even picked it up and looked at the cover .
My name is @PERSON1 , and during @CAPS3 essay I am going to show you what I am talking about .
I love to read during the day .
I like to go out and just pick a book right off the shelf and start then and there reading , but when I see a book or a magazine that holds sexual acts in them I become very anger .
I have seen many of my friends get lost in these books and magazines right in front of a adult like there mothers .
They can go to a public library where they 're children ( as young as the age of five ) and read and look at these terriable things .
I don ' @CAPS4 know why these books are even needed in a library .
Now people can get on the @CAPS4.V's and but or rent them .
I have a best friend who lost is father to these sexual acts and pictures .
My friends mother had enough and had to kick him out .
Now my friend is becoming the same person .
He can go out and buy these magazines from friends that steals or rents them from our local library .
He doesn ' @CAPS4 even reconizes that his father did the same thing .
He still never wants to see is father , but what he is doing is the same thing that his father also did .
I have had varies talks with @CAPS3 friend , but he said it isn ' @CAPS4 hurting anybody , but what he doesn ' @CAPS4 see is that he is hurting me .
Back in the late @NUM1's early @NUM2's parents saw some of the books that their children were reading .
That tried to put a stop to it , but the plan never worked .
Since then @CAPS3 problem has grown to a point that we will never be able to control .
The libraries do @CAPS3 all for money they make .
More people go to a library now not to study or to read in peace , but to get a sex high .
@CAPS3 is where about half of the libraries money is being made .
The goverment tries to stay out of @CAPS3 , because the money they get through taxes is coming of these people .
When will it stop ?
No one really knows , but we will try to stop it all we can .
The reason for @CAPS3 essay was to show why the process needs to be stop .
If you go to your local library and really look at what they sell or rent out , you will then know what I am saying .
I will try to stop it , but probably will not suceed .
That will not stop me with helping my friends in the future .
Just be glad that you know about it now