Offensive much ?
Thats what multiple people feel towards curtain books .
For instence if @CAPS5 was the bible and you were an athiest , or a person who doesn't believe in god , then the bible @MONTH1 be offensive and hurtfull to you .
I feel as a student that there are so many people in the world that by the time everyone inserts their own feelings by taking away books then we would have nothing left to read .
You see , everyone is different in their own way , so books , magazines and music wouldn't be around because everyone feels differently about different subjects .
I feel that they are a resourse that is very helpfull , and multiple times knowledgeable on many grasping subjects .
First , besides books , we have magazines .
If we would get rid of all of the magazines in the world then there would be a cut down on all those horrible advertisements that men long for .
Second there would be less gossip .
Most magazines are about @PERCENT1 gossip about the recent break-ups , and make-ups , of todays modern celebritys .
I feel that the magazines are a waste of time because they hurt peoples feelings , also its offensive the way that some famous people act .
I strongly believe we should take magazines off the shelves .
Lastly there is music .
Some of the greatest inspiration comes from music .
Don't you remember the song , 'We @CAPS1't @CAPS2 the @CAPS3 ? '
@CAPS4 if you don't then i 'll tell you a little about @CAPS5 .
@CAPS5's about america , things that have happened in the past and were a big deal .
In the chorus @CAPS5 says , '-we @CAPS1't @CAPS2 the @CAPS3 , - but we tried to fight @CAPS5 .
@CAPS5's always been burning since the worlds been turning . '
@CAPS5's a song that is about americans saying that they @CAPS1't cause panic and such things , but that since the begining of time @CAPS5 already was .
The song inspired many of the famous singers you @CAPS4 know .
Elvis @CAPS6 is one of the many that you should know .
We should keep music out so people , like me , who have been inspired , can inspire others .
Music helps the blind , heals those who are sick , and give hope to americans .
Without mucis there would be chaos .
Last and furthermore is movies , where would we be without movies ?
We need movies , not just for our intertainment , but some of the best movies are historical events .
Events that help us get a better grasp and keen look at what has happened in the past .
For instince the movie @CAPS7 , and @LOCATION1 , even the movie The @CAPS8 @CAPS9 , they all help us picture events that have happened and are very enjoyable but also very educational .
We should keep movies , there is no doubt in my mind .
In conclusion I hope I have created a clear message that you will take into consideration highly .
We need books and music to inspire and electrify the world , and magazines we need not .
We all need a little inspiration in our down spiraling lives , and we need education .
Not the kind that we wish to see but the kind we need to see .
I hope I have made a positive inpact on your thoughts , and feelings .