There are too many people in the world to just have one opinion about one topic and nothing else .
If a person knows something is unjust , they obviously have to tell the world about it , or they feel like their opinion does not matter .
Take , for example , women's clothing .
If you show a man a piece of women's clothing on a computer screen , he will probably only have one or two opinions about that piece of clothing .
If you show a woman that same piece of clothing , she will have more than two opinions about the piece of clothing .
This is how society works today and it is not just because we were brought up that way ; this is how we think and how we act .
@ORGANIZATION1 depicts beautiful as half dressed and makup put on like plaster .
Many magazines and books , such as @CAPS1 and books about modeling , portray beautiful as stick thin and your clothes almost falling off your body .
Many songs and movies tell you that being beautiful is on the outside .
If you can find these magazines , books , and movies at your local bookstore , don't you think that they could possibly be two miles down the road at your local @CAPS2 library ?
Libraries aren't just for adults and teenagers .
They are intended for people of all ages .
Many people do not realize this , but at many libraries , there are sections specified for teenagers .
Young adult books and magazines should not even be put in the teenager section , only for the reason that there are subjects in many of the young adult books that a lot of teenagers have not even begun to dicuss yet .
If these books and magazines are put in here for teenagers , do you not think a five year old child could wander up to the section , take out a magazine and wonder how the women in the advertisements grew up to be so beautiful ?
Like I said before , @ORGANIZATION1 depicts people to look beautiful , when it's all photo-shopped .
If a five year old child can get their hands on books and magazines that they shouldn't even know about , @CAPS3 would a library keep them on their shelves .
The thoughts that the five year old child has now is ' @CAPS3 am I not that beautiful ? '
@CAPS4 image is the key to how people view society today .
Modeling agencies , photographers , and even cheerleading coaches make girls feel like they are worthless because they are 'too fat ' , 'too ugly ' , or 'too short ' to be part of what they have wanted to be in their entire lives .
Many women that @CAPS8 starve themselves every day just to maintain the 'healthy weight ' which is @NUM1 pounds and you can see every rib in her body .
Many books , magazines , and television shows portray this as well .
You can find them in libraries nation-wide .
The magazine , @CAPS1 , has articles about how to become skinny .
The television show , @LOCATION1's @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 , shows people that being tall and as skinny as a stick is the way to go .
Many workout books tell you that being like @PERSON1 is the 'best for your bod ' way to be .
You can not tell a girl that she needs to be a specific height and a specific weight by a specific time .
Woman don't work that way .
No one does .
Many magazines , books , movies , and music tell you this , and it is not true .
I believe that if libraries took these types of materials out of their facilities , then if would drop the rate of society's ' @CAPS4 image ' rapidly .
Many woman and girls wouldn't feel like they are ugly or fat .
They would love who they were and they would not believe what another person says about them or what they look like .
Being beautiful is not just on the outside .
Anyone can have a beautiful heart and that will shine through more than anything else .