Books have been around for hundreds and hundreds of years .
They have significent value in culture , lives , and everything else .
We all see kids laughing and enjoying books about pretty ponies and little puppies .
What we don't see is how books and magazines are really effecting people of different race , religion , or age .
We should take a stand and get rid of these bad books .
Negitive books , movies , and magazines should be taken off the shelf to prevent hurt feelings and ideas .
We have learned to accept everybody no matter what color they are .
I remember in @NUM1 grade when a girl named @PERSON1 got very upset because she thought a book was making fun of her skin color .
Everyone in the book was white and excluded a african american girl from playing with them because she wasn't pretty enough .
She went to tell the teacher and the teacher threw the book away and said that we should all learn to treat everyone with respect no matter what they look like .
We need to have more books like what the teacher was trying to teach us .
To boost everyones spirits and make them feel better about themselves .
The world has changed and books should too .
Many things influence people of different ages , race , or religion .
Books that talk bad about other religions or make you second guess your faith are considered negitive and should be taken off the shelf .
How would you like it if someone was putting down your religion ?
That is how many people feel when reading that kind of material .
These books , magazines , and movies are not good for anybody and should not be anywhere near libraries .
Have you been watching what your kids are reading about or what movies they are watching ?
Most of childrens books and movies have pretty princesses and little mermaids but not all of them .
Behind some movies or books there is are violence and bad scenes .
When fight scenes occur and zombies attack , children believe that everything is real and that it is ok to kill someone if they are a bad .
Boys believe that it is ok to hurt people because that is what happens in the movies .
Girls believe that everything about a princess is perfect and flawless and to be a princess they also have to be flawless .
Do we really want childrent to think it is ok to fight and be upset because they are not perfect ?
Libraries need to get rid of these book and movies because it is badly influencing the children in the world .
Not all books are bad and not all of them are good , so we need to divide and conquer .
We need to take a closer look and really examine what needs to be taken off the shelves .
The books , magazines , and movies that influence people to think differently about themselves need to go away for good .
To get rid of these books that cause conflict within a person is like getting rid of a big burden .
It can make a really big improvment in adults and children .
Please take negitive books and movies off the shelves to prevent any unnecessary problems !