Books @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 your in a library its many book that children decide to read that @MONTH1 not be suited for their @CAPS3 .
Many parents allow their kids to read those type of books so they 're use to it now .
But some book aren't for children @CAPS3 .
Now and days kids are more mature and knowledgeable and can read on higher levels .
@CAPS4 kids go to the library they look for book that catch their attention .
Some books that are out shouldn't be out and thats my opinion .
Most authors write about things such as sex , drugs , and other bad thing .
@CAPS4 a child looks at things like that they get ideas about what the book is talking about and try those things they read .
Im not saying that all kids read books and decide to try all the things that they read , but most will .
Some kids minmic off certain things they hear , see and even read .
Kids are always going to look up to other people so what they see you do they will try to do it .
I beleive that things like books that kids should'nt read should be put away .
Books should be taken off the shelves and put in places where only adults could get them .
Just like video games only a certain age group could play the game because of the things they do in the game .
The things kids see they soon try out .
They should also make it where you rate a book like you rate movies , video games and other things .
All books aren't bad for children @CAPS3 but some are .
I notice that many parents don't care about what their kids read as long as they 're reading .
People should'nt think that way because its alot of crule people in this world .
I even seen on the news where it was an author who wrote a book about how he killed a lady .
So many teens read that book and found it interesting .
And it even gave young boys ideas about killing people or girl friends .
That book should be in the hands of someone with a mature mind that really knows right from wrong .
Its parents out in this world that wouldn't allow their kids to read books that have bad things in them .
Most parents find it offensive that book stores or other places sell these type of books to their children .
The things authors talk about in their books and what they include no @CAPS5 should read .
Books that aren't good for certain age groups or that have inaproprate things in it should be removed from the shelves .
But certain people interpret the words different and veiw it different .
Its many books out in this world that most parents or grandparents hope their kids or grandkids never take off the shelf .
But its going to keep going on until someone speaks up .