Author Katherine Paterson once commented , ' All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exctly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us ' .
Many people in society share Katherine's view , while some belive in strict library censorship .
It is important not to infringe on the rights of other people , surpress freedom of speech , or limit their knowledge .
Therefore , I support her sentiment .
If materials are thought to be innnapropriate for children , or others for that matter , then censorship needs to be set up in the home by the parents , not by a public institution .
America was founded upon the need for freedom : freedom of speech , of religion , and press .
If we start to change that or limit what press a library can or can not have , we are destroying a nation's core values .
Can we turn our back on what our forefathers knew we had the right to ?
Furthermore , if we start to take a few 'offensive ' books off the shelf , where do we draw the line ?
Anybody can claim almost any book is 'offensive ' in some way , shape , or form , that does not mean we should immeadiatly take it off the shelf of an important public institution .
If you do not want to take my word for it , look back at histroy .
What kind of civilization was @LOCATION1 ?
Not one you would want to live in I suppose .
Hardly anyone would , and one of the things they controlled most was personal freedom .
They started it off with the seemingly small act of censoring books .
First , it was just viewed as unsavory to have a book they deemed offensive , in this case it was the works of @CAPS1 , @CAPS2- @CAPS3 , or @CAPS4 authors .
Later on they started to burn theese books , and punish people for having them in thier possesion .
If we are to live in a country , where a man has the rights he should have , then we can not censor library books .
This seemingly harmless act could have much greater consequnces than foreseen .
Many families have different values they want to pass on to their children , morals they hope to teach them .
The problem is , is that each families ' limits and values are unique ; We can not just assume anything about families in general .
I personally know a family that is very protective over what their children read , watch or listen to .
On the other hand , I am aquainted with a family who allows their children more freedom to choose what they read .
What one set of parents want to limit their child from reading @MONTH1 vary from another set of parents .
If they find material they do not want their children to read , then they should censor in the home .
They could start with a disscusion about why the material is inapropriate , and give the child the responsibility to obey their parents .
It helps the parents become more involved in their childrens ' lives and it aids the children in personal growth with responsiblity and respect .
In the end , it all boils down to freedom .
Do we want to live in a counrty with freedom of press and the right to publicly access it .
My answer is yes , and I belive it is the answer of my fellow @CAPS5 too .
We can not clearly draw the line between 'offensive ' and 'okay ' because we are all different .
Therefore we can not bring our opinions down on the public instituion , but the home .
It is not right to limit a whole society on what they have public access to because of one opinion .