Do you want your children to have bad images in their head ?
Does everybody deserve to read or watch anything they want ?
I believe strongly that these materials should be removed from libraries in most cases .
Offensive materials have no business being in libraries .
These materials are not good for children , offend people , and do not look good on the libraries that carry them .
First , I believe there is absolutely no reason for any child to see explicit material .
This material can create a very ambitious young child .
If a child sees a magazine containing pornography , the child will think that this material is acceptable .
The truth is , that child should not know about anything of this subject until he or she receives approval from his/her parents .
I know from experience that most parents would not want one of their children to see any of this material for a very extensive time .
I have had a few disturbing experiences myself .
One time when I was a young lad , I checked out a horror movie from the local library not knowing what the movie was about .
I made sure my parents were not home when I watched it .
After about three minutes , I was terrified .
The images from the film stayed in my head for a good month .
Children do not deserve the feeling of fear for that long of a time .
Next , some material in the library contain certain things that offend random people .
Large public libraries contain music with explicit lyrics .
We , as a society , do not want our youth to hear the nasty words in some of the rap songs that are released .
In addition to that , this music offends many adults as well .
Adults agree that there is no reason for any rap to be released in a public place like a library .
Music is a very great art , but when certain people abuse it , it no longer has a good image .
I have observed that children listening to rap at a very young age are more likely to end up turning out to be an unsuccessful individual .
Also , some specific magazines contain images that are offensive to the people of our society .
This idea relates to my first idea , but I will speak some of it again .
Images like blood can sometimes offend the people of our generation .
We do not need any of this .
If offensive material was banned from libraries , our society would have eliminated one more problem that is taking away from our good world .
I have been offended of some different magazine pictures before .
Someday when I have kids , I will never let them go to certain sections of the library with this material .
Last , I want to address the fact that specific libraries can carry a bad reputation if they carry this material .
In addition , employees will definitely go to a different library without the bad music and the violent movies .
Most of the adults that want their children to be successful and have a good , creative mind will think twice about going to the library without censorship of certain items .
I have read that libraries with bad material are much less likely to attract customers than libraries with censorship .
I know that if I was the manager of a public library , I would make sure that any items that have the potential to offend people would be immediately removed .
A library should definitely not want that bad gossip to go around town about how bad that specific library is .
Censorship is as necessary to libraries as flavor is to food .
Shelves that contain inappropriate books , magazines , and music will only make their number of customers drop .
If you think that this is only going to help libraries , I dare you to go ahead and try it out .
Everyone has their own opinions , but I am a firm believer in censorship at public and private libraries .
Inappropriate books , magazines , and music will only destroy the good reputation that a library @MONTH1 have .
A library is a great place to be , but the libraries without censorship are an utter disappointment .
After all , it is your life , and you get to choose the way you want your children to act .
Disturbing materials are only going to bring a negative effect on these minors .
I hope to see the amount of censorship rise in libraries .
If it does , people will see a dramatic change in all of my ideas discussed .