I do not believe that such things as book , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from libraries .
First , books can be used as monumental learning sources for kids , teenagers , and adults .
Just because a book talks about the @CAPS1 and @CAPS9 dying @MONTH1 be a little inappropriate for some age groups but not for teenagers and adults .
Also books give a message about how times use to be .
Take a book that refers to slavery and what they use to call black @CAPS9 back then .
Just because it has some words that are frowned upon does not mean that kids and @CAPS9 shouldn't know about it and where it came from so they won't go around affending @CAPS9 and they don't even know what the word means .
Next , movies now some movies shouldn't be played for certain age groups and I understand that , but movies like @CAPS2 and To @CAPS3 a @CAPS4 @CAPS5 are teaching us our @ORGANIZATION1 and how far we 've come from being segregated and the disrespect of each others race .
Also movies gives a more visual way of what things were like so we can kind of get a interactive way on how things look like and how you can relate the book to the movie .
Movies also make points , some state if we don't do anything about pollution this is whats going to happen .
So movies are definetly a stay on my list .
In addition , a big factor of @CAPS6 and @ORGANIZATION1 is music .
I could see how some music could be bad but also some artist talk about how it really is tough where they come from and how music is a get away for them .
Plus , music isn't hurting anybody .
We learn how music was in the @DATE1 and compare it to music now .
We also learn how music evolves from one thing to another , kind of creating off of itself .
Music has the power to say things and communicate with @CAPS9 and make statements that could only be made by music .
For example , take somebody giving a speech about what they feel or what they think .
Now take that speech put it in a song form and I guarantee that more @CAPS9 capture the message and take it into there grasp on how they could help the cause .
Especially if it is by their favorite artist .
Say your favorite artist is @CAPS7 @PERSON1 , now wouldn't you rather listen to @CAPS7 @PERSON1 make a statement about life or a political view rather than a song like that by @ORGANIZATION2 .
So music is most definetly staying on the list because it has the power to move @CAPS9 , make you feel different ways , and look at things you 've never seen in away before .
Last , magazines , some Magazines are just inappropriate .
Now I 'm pretty sure that you will not be seing those magazines on shelves of a library so nobody should be worried about that .
Now some magazines like @CAPS9 and @CAPS10 @CAPS11 are just there for fun and they are not hurting anybody because its just pictures and honestly no child would read the words of a interview with a famous person .
So magazines are harmless to in a library and are only there to stay up on current events and to inform @CAPS9 on if a new discovery was made or whats going on in the @ORGANIZATION1 .
In conclusion , I do not believe that things such as books , music , movies , and magazines should be removed from library shelves anywhere .