Somethings on the shelfs in books stores and other places can be very offensive .
I think having cuss words in music and sexualy things can be offensive to women .
I do listen to some music but noting like that becasue I think it should not be in music and books .
One day I Think the @CAPS1.S.A will be ran by a woman .
@CAPS3 is noting wrong with that .
Woman have the same rights as @CAPS2 do .
@CAPS3 is some people that think woman are just @CAPS3 slaves , that is dead wrong .
Woman and @CAPS2 are the same no matter what people say .
Katherine Paterson as the right idea though .
It would be great if the law would state that if you think something is offensive you should be able to take it off the shelf and throw it away , but some people would say other because @CAPS3 is some people out @CAPS3 who just care about them selfs and acted what ever way they want to so they can act or make them selfs feel better than they are .
@CAPS3 are some kids who like to look and go though magazines and see all that bad thing they think that those people are cool so they teaches them how to acted and do bad things , That it why i think we should be able to take it off the shelfs @CAPS3 was this one day I was in @CAPS4-mart just looking around and I saw a magazines with some movie star holding her three kids .
The title of the magazine was superstar .
It really hurt to see those three kids on the cover becasue one day they @MONTH1 not be like @CAPS3 parents and have all the money in the world .
It @MONTH1 seem really stupid these days that some people would care this much , I really think deep down that its life and we all need to get over our selfs becasue we can not all be right and have all the same feelings for life .
All my life I have thought about this subject cause it seems like now days its all about the money , what @CAPS3 wear and what type of car or truck they drive .
It seems really stupid but when i see someone who drives a new car worth @MONEY1 it really makes me think about how someone as the money for this car and everything else .