Libraries .
What things are found in libraries ?
Well libraries contain more then just books .
They can have music , movies , magazines , books , and much more .
All of the things are not for just one particular age .
Libraries have things for people of all ages , even though some do not like many of the materials found in them .
The library in my town has certin place for chilrden , teens , adults , and for @CAPS1-rated thing .
Not all people agree with what should be aloud in a public area .
Libraries try to make everyone that comes find something that might be intersting to them .
Even though some of the things they chose might be different then what the public expects .
When I go to the library I think I would mind is i saw some @CAPS1-rated thing .
Even though I think everyone should have the freedom to read , watch , listen , and hear about what they want .
I think making areas where children can't go is a good way of letting people get what they want to get and not exposing it to younger people .
Haveing these areas would help parents and childern feel alot better about what they would hear or see at a library .
What can be done about this problem ?
Even though it @MONTH1 cost more or be to dificult for an ower of a library to do , I think that building rooms for different age groups would be an good thing to do .
If smaller children see thing such as violace , durgs , and sex , they @MONTH1 think that it is ok to do .
Most parents try and keep there kids away for those parts of library but don't always sucide .
So there for I think that building rooms for these area is the right thing to do .
Even though we all think different things should or shoulden't be seen in public , we can't stop them from being there .
We could try to contain them to where only people that would like to see them do .
It would just cost a little more money then some are willing to spend , but if you think of when you were a child would you of liked to see some of those things ?
If u ever have kids whould you like for them to see it ?
I would hope not .
So try and make the better choic when u find unupropret things for unger viewers .