As Katherine Paterson said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '
I think we all can agree with @CAPS2 .
We have all read something that we did not necessarily want to finish or that we wish we had not read .
I , however , believe that these materials should not be taken off of the shelves and be put out of reach of our youth , or adults .
When you take away materials that some people use to learn , you take away their ability to learn .
Yes , they @MONTH1 choose another book and learn from it too but it should not be our choice to dictate what they can and can not read.Take for example the popular internet video clip , ' @CAPS1 guys one hammer . '
@CAPS2 is a video of two guys beating a homeless man to death with a hammer and screwdriver .
I have never seen @CAPS2 movie and listening to my friends talk about it , I do not want to .
@CAPS2 seems like a gruesome and horrific video clip that would scar me for life , but it is a perfect example for @CAPS2 because what some do not want to learn from , others can .
I would never watch @CAPS2 or anything like @CAPS2 but my friends who have watched @CAPS2 have learned something .
That is that you should be successful in life because if you are homeless then you could be beaten to death by some teenagers who are looking to have some 'fun . '
I kid you not , after hearing about @CAPS2 sad video it has inspired me to be a successful person and not become homeless .
@CAPS2 brings us back to the main point - had someone said , 'No , @CAPS2 video can not be on the internet . '
none of my friends would have seen @CAPS2 or told me about it .
Therefore I would not be driven to be a good student and a good person .
Then , when I was older I would have become homeless and would have had the chance to be the star in one of these videos .
You can be sure that that is not something that I would want to be.In conclusion , I believe we should not interfere with some people's right to learn .
We should not take away materials that can be used to learn no matter how bad we think they are , because you never know , one man's pain is another man's learning tool .
If we all took away the materials that we felt were innappropriate or needed censorship then we would have very few learning materials left .
As Katherine Paterson said , ' ... then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '