Most of us have had times when we are really into a book or magazine that we are reading , and all of a sudden we come across vulgar language , pictures , or activities that are not suitable for us .
Why did the author have to throw this in the book ?
Why didn't the back of the book tell me that there was offensive behavior in this book ?
Why is this magazine in the library with risky pictures ?
It @MONTH1 even make some people not interested in that specific author anymore , or quite possibly persuade someone to stop visiting that library .
Certain materials in libraries should be removed .
The first reason certain materials in libraries should be removed is because it is not suitable for children or even young teenagers .
Let's say your child is at the library and they pick up a random book to check it out .
Turns out , the summary of the story on the back is actually about college kids partying and participating in illegal activities .
Your child on the other hand , does not read the summary and just wants the book based on the moral of the story , interesting cover , and critic reviews .
If your child reads that book with vulgar language and illegal activities , you are most likely going to be upset .
The second reason certain materials in libraries should be removed is because the books and other materials with offensive material can be placed in book stores , instead of the public library .
In that case , parents can feel more content with having their children read any material at the library .
Adults and older teenagers can still have their material choice , they will just have to take a trip to the bookstore to find what they need .
They @MONTH1 not get to check out items for free like at the library , but it will be safer for the children and young teenagers .
Not to mention , the people who respect their morals too much to read offensive material .
The third reason certain materials in libraries should be removed is because the library should be ordered to state on the back of the book , magazine , movies , etc.
, in any way they choose , if the book contains anything that @MONTH1 be taken as offensive to a reader .
That way , if someone is questioning the summary of the book , a risky title , or cover illustration , they can flip to the back to see if it will be tolerable for them .
Libraries should remove certain materials from the shelves .
It will create a more civil trip to the library .
No more worries about accidentely coming upon a sentence or chapter in a book that is against someone's morals .
Or flipping through pages in a magzine and seeing a picture that offends you .
Libraries will contain safe books for all ages , while bookstores can have the pleasure of having offensive material on their shelves .
It's a win win situation .