I think that we should have offensive materials on the shelfs in libraries .
People have their own ideas and opinions about offensive material like @CAPS1 shouldnt be around in libraries for children to read or we should have offensive material because @CAPS1 might help someone one day .
Some times when people think of offensive material they think of bad and not good for people to read or watch because @CAPS1's not treating people right .
Then also some offensive material like videos or movie can be very fun and make the movie great to watch .
Today im hear to tell that offensive material can help students in high school research for a project , @CAPS1 can also show us how offensive materials were back in the old days , and @CAPS1 can also teach us more about offensive material .
Today in are generation we do alot of studing or projects for school , we do this so we know more about the subject .
As a high school student i would research the topic about offensive material .
Why would you ask i do this ?
Because of researching this offensive material you can learn more about @CAPS1 .
Like where did @CAPS1 come from , why people are offensive , you could probably find out more than what you know and thats a good thing finding out what you dont know .
So if we take away the offensive material we would never get to learn more about @CAPS1 or know where @CAPS1 came from .
Its good to still have have books that are offensive material because you get educated not to be offensive .
Going to a library is fun and exciteding because you get to read all these books .
Well when you choose a book you can choose the most recent one or the one back from the old days .
In are case we have offensive material on the shelfs in libraries .
Lets just say here you went to the library today and you wanted to research a paper on offensive material from the old days .
Well in the library they will have generations of books on offensive material .
This provides us of offensive material back in the old days .
So the library is a good thing to have that because we need to know about what happend back in the old days .
Everyone one goes to a library to learn more about what they like to do or read a really good book .
Well i know alot of people that would love to learn more about offensive material .
Offensive material to people is like a good book you can read @CAPS1 and learn more about .
Some people think learning to much is a bad thing exspecially when @CAPS1 is on offensive material .
Learning to much is not even a discusion because people can learn whatever they want to .
If the libraries take away the offensive material @CAPS1 is just like talking a good book from you .
People can think what they want to think about offensive material .
Like i said before if libraries take away offensive material book , its like taking away a good book from a reader .
People do need to learn about offensive material thats why we still have the books .
If we didnt want to know about offensive material why did they publish all the books and videos about @CAPS1 .
This is why i think we should have offensive material on the shelfs in libraries