To who it @MONTH1 concern : @CAPS1 you take away books because someone might find them offensive ?
Do you believe racism is a part of liturature ?
Libraries are considering removing books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
from their inventory for censorship .
They believe individuals might take offense to certain types of beliefs from the different variety of entertainment that they have in their library .
These types of entertainment should not be aloud to be removed from public or private libraries .
In many libraries , their inventory is being stripped for censorship .
This means that books , magazines , movies and music is being removed because some individuals might find it offensive .
Individuals might disagree with certain beliefs concerning their lifestyle and what they believe .
Liturature can be described as art that an individual portrays it as in his/her own way .
It has been in the world since man first learned to write to present day .
This means it has been there wars , politics , art and slavery .
All of these are a part of liturature , so liturature is history in it's own way .
Some say offensive material should be taken out of libraries .
they might think that it should be removed from everywhere .
It should not .
It is a part of history .
@CAPS1 you take away an era of history just because you find it offensive ?
I know I wouldn't .
It tells us what was happening at that certain time .
It tells us what was happening in that part of the world .
It tells us what the opinions were of people at that time .
Many people believe racism is wrong , but we shouldn't believe that no one thought it was right .
Many people thought is was right .
They might believe white skin is superior over dark skin , but we should respect their beliefs in return that they respect our's .
Liturature is important to society and how it works .
Without it , we wouldnt be where we were today .
Liturature should stay in the shelves of libraries where they belong .
Personal opinions are a part of books , and we should respect that .
@CAPS1 you want to be know for destroying an important part of history