Many people have different views and opinions on things .
No opinion or view is right or wrong .
Books , music , and movies of controversy shouldn't be removed from shelves because not everybody finds them offensive , people have the right to view them , and others can't make the desicion for everyone .
Everybody is entitled to their own views and opinions , but they can't make others see things their way .
If someone was at a library , and thought the ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' series were offensive , they might be the only ones to think that .
They can't tell the library to remove them because they 're uncomfortable with the books .
Things go by majorty rule , and that person is not the majorty .
They 're the only one with the problem .
Everyone has the right to view or listen to what they want , as long as it's legal .
If someone finds a type of music that they find offensive , they can't tell the store to remove it .
One person can't change everything to fit their needs .
They would be making plenty of people unhappy if that type of music was removed .
To make everyone happy , the person could just not listen it .
There's a huge selection of music a person could listen to , without being uncomfortable .
One person can not make the desicions for everyone .
The president doesn't even make the desicions by himself ; he has the government helping him .
If one person felt as if a magazine was inappropriate , they don't have the right to change it .
They 're not the one in charge so they can't be the one to change the magazine .
It might be inapprpriate , but other people enjoy reading it .
I believe that everyone's entitled to their own opinions and views , but they shouldn't make everyone see it their way .
Books , music , movies , and magazines are few of the things that people try to control because they 're uncomfortable with the subject inside the material .
Some of the stuff is inappropriate or offensive , but one person can't change it .
Not everybody will find it offensive , people have the right to view , watch , or listen to what they want , and one person can't make desicions for everyone