Should someones work catagorized as 'inappropiate ' or 'offensive ' be taken off of a shelf and not able to be sold or seen in stores ?
If you believe so , then do you think it is okay for the campaigners that run for @CAPS1 be able to express their thoughts and opinions on different topics ?
This is exactly what is being done when someone writes an article or a book that they have published to be distributed into stores or libraries .
When someone writes a book on something , they usually have a lot of interest in whatever topic they are discussing .
Just as when @CAPS2 campaigners present themselves to the public and announce what party they will be running for and what their beliefs and disbeliefs are .
If it is okay for someone to take a book off of a shelf , or even a magazine because people think the book is 'inappropiate ' then maybe we should reconsider what the campaigners say on live @CAPS3 .
Even if you were to walk into a store and there be nude magazines on the shelf , or cd's with lyrics that contain cuss words do you feel those should be taken off of shelves as well ?
There is a time and a place for where things like this should not be displayed .
For example , when you go to a little kids store and things like this are being sat out for the kids to see , they will not forget what they saw or heard if referring to music .
Kids have a great memory on things that should not be remembered .
Like when they read a story and it includes someone robbing a bank , or a song that refers to drinking or doing some form of drug .
When kids see or even hear things like this , they are more likely to try things that we would hope little kids would not try .
When someone spends months or even years on writing a story , they hope that they can get it published and be rewarded for their long , hard work .
By doing this they try and get it to be published , and put in stores so people can buy it .
Whether or not if your talking about music , movies , or books , its all the same .
Things should be put out on display and people should be able to see all the different types of music and stories that are available .
If things were going to be taken off of shelves or not put out onto display , people will stop recording music , acting out movies , or even writing ad's and books .
When and if this were to happen , people will not become educated with new available data .
If there is nobody to write science books , or biography's then nobody will learn about new things .
Same with music and movies , if people spend a few months or even a year writing a new album , or coming up with an idea for a movie and they work hard to get it done , they expect to get it out to the public .
If its finally out and people have the chance to buy it , they hope it will stay available .
If it doesn't and people think the movie is 'inappropiate ' then the song writers and actors will more then likely not have the urge to do it all over again .
In conclusion , I think that if someone writes something or records something that has taken them a good amount of work and time that they should be rewarded and allowed to have their item sold .
If someone belives that an item is 'inappropiate ' then they should keep their comments to themselves , and not have the item taken off display .
There are some people out there that enjoy things that are not 'appropiate ' and they think its funny .
Surely if the write or producer got a book or movie produced they thought it was good , and they believe that people will buy their product .
So , if the writer thinks this , surely there is someone out there that feels the same .
How are we to know if there is someone out there that agrees , and enjoys the book or movie if it has been taken off of the shelf because someone thought the material was 'inappropiate . '