What if someone told you that you couldn't wear a yellow shirt because it was offensive ?
What if they said you couldn't look a certain way because you might offend somebody ?
Not just one person or group of people have the right to decide what is suitable and what is not .
There are so many different religions and traditions throughout the @LOCATION2 it would be completely rediculous to set one standard for all people .
If @CAPS1 aren't restricted when it comes to apperal , groceries , or automobiles , why should there be limits in the libraries ?
Libraries should not be censored because not only would censorship limit the resoursfulness of the libraries and smother the knowledge intake across the @LOCATION2 , but it would also pose a threat to our future .
When one takes a trip to the library , one would expect to find a book , magazine , and/or movie on just about anything .
It would be extremely frustrating to find that a library , which is supposed to contain content on nearly every subject , does not have what your looking for .
Say a book on the asassination of @PERSON1 is what you fancy , so you ask the librarian where you could find it .
You would be dissapointed if she says they don't carry assassination books because they are too vulgar for young children .
This could become very troubling and would limit the library's resources .
Not only would censorship in libraries limit the content but it would also limit learning in the @LOCATION2 @CAPS2 are people supposed to stay informed if they are being sheilded from knowledge ?
Many people that do not have computers depend on the library .
If they can not get what they need at the library where would they go ?
The libraries would lose business and funding if they did not supply library-goers with the content which they desire .
People would take their business elsewhere .
Protests @MONTH1 break out and rebelious citizens @MONTH1 protest the censorship , causing an uproar in society .
The people would not be the only thing out of hand .
The censorship would surely get out of hand , aswell .
@CAPS1 are already being censored through news stations , radio , and tv shows .
Libraries are a place where infinant knowledge is realistic and that is comforting for many @CAPS1 .
In libraries people choose what they learn : they aren't forced teachers or parents .
The censorship @MONTH1 start out as a small intervention , but it could turn our nation upside down .
Next thing we know , our desisions could be influenced by the books that only 'they ' decide are suitable .
What kind of society would we have then ?
Individuality would be lost and opinions would be forgotten .
Clearly , censorship in libraries is dangerous and unpredictable .
If libraries were cencored , not only would knowledge in the @LOCATION2 desinegrate , but libraries would lose their respect and threaten the future of @LOCATION1 .
No one tells me what to wear or say , so why should anyone tell me what to read ?
We are all entitled to our own opinions and beliefs .
Our @CAPS4 @CAPS5 earned us our freedoms , we can not let censorship take them away