@PERSON1 @NUM1 @DATE2 , @DATE1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2 You should be able to read any book , listen to any music and watch any movie you want right ?
Well in some libraries that isn't always the case .
Some people find books , music and movies offensive and not suitable for public libraries .
In a public library I think that all books should be there to check out !
The books might contain material that is more adult , but thats okay .
For the books that are more inappropraite the library needs to offer an adult section .
Just for the books that contain more adult material and are not suitable for younger readers .
The person checking the book out should make the final decision if they think the book they have selected is right for them .
Music in libraries should not be censorshiped .
The lyrics might be inappropraite , but most teenagers listen to that type of music .
For younger children they should not be able to check out a @CAPS3 that is more adult .
In @CAPS1 opinion , for the music that is more adult you should be at least thirteen years old .
Children under thirteen years of age should not have the option to check out that music .
Some parents don't know what their child has checked out from the library .
The child should have parent concent to check out any music if under the age requirement .
I think that some movies should defenitely be removed if they are found offensive .
Some movies have scenes that are horrible and that should be in the adult section .
In a library you aren't expecting to find a movie that contains very adult material .
At a movie rental store you would expect to find movies that are adult , but not in a public library .
Movies for kids to check out should be educational , fun and most importantly , appropriate !
Katherine Paterson says , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf ' that is exactly right .
I would not want @CAPS1 little cousin reading books with racial comments and just plain out inappropraite content for a child that age .
Even if the child doesn't understand what all of the content means , they will ask questions that the parent is most likely not ready to answer .
As children , they might get the wrong idea in their head and say things that are not right .
In public libraries books should not be censored movies should be censored and music should not .
It all comes down to what do you allow your children to read , watch and listen ?
Its a debate that has gone through several libraries over the content of the material .
Now that you know @CAPS1 opinion on censorshiped , maybe others will consider this an important topic , too