Freedom of speech is a keen aspect in @LOCATION1 and thats what made our country flourish through many years .
In the constitution it states that there is freedom of the press , which means that if something is written that might affend some people , then they have to deal with it .
Some might say that some material is offensive , which sometimes it is .
However I do not think that the books , magazines , etc .
should be taken off the shelfs due to the feelings of another persons thoughts .
In @LOCATION1 over the years things have become more exceptable in media and books .
The rights have always been there but not fully practised .
There have been book burnings , banned books , and even people being killed for there writings .
For many years it went on until @LOCATION1 changed its way of thinking to a broader more open perepective .
Though it still goes on I think that it is very closed minded .
In some cases people blamed books that had nothing to do with killing someone , for the reason why they commited a murder.I do think there is a limit to how you distibute certain books and magazines .
They shouldnt sell a book about death , poverty , or sex at a public school .
We all have diffrent things we like to read and write about .
So why shoud we be taken away from because somone thinks its to offensive .
I think not , if you dont like it then put it down and let someone pick it up who will read it .
With my own experience i have seen bad people do what is expected of them , bad things .
And they try to blame it on a book , story , or @CAPS1 show they had seen .
Thats just a easy way out of a situation .
I have read and saw very intense things in my life but does that make me want to do bad things , no !
I know i cant speak for everyone when I say that books , magazines etc .
or not harmful .
But think about it like this wouldn't sometimes the person reading the stories figure they could learn and embrace from it rather then go out and do what the character did in the story ?
Reading opens up new things and is scientificly proven to make you smarter in the long run .
The more you read the more awareness and knowledge you gain , and just becuase you read a book about something doesn't mean you support it .
It could maybe mean that you want to learn about it so you can understand it more .