Libraries have books , magizines , movies , ect.The library is a wonderful place to read in a quite place.It can also be an offensive place to some people.They think they can complane and bikker about it , But should all those activities be removed from the library shelves ?
But whose oppenion is it anyways .
If I found an offensive book , movie , or magizine on a shelf at a library I would just leave it .
Apparently its not a bad thing because if it was they wouldnt have it on a shelf .
So if I got offensive by it I wouldnt look at it or pick it up .
I mean its that simple.A library is full of well , about everything you would enjoy .
Many diffrent people like diffrent books and movies to read and watch , that means the library has a right to put what ever they @MONTH1 want .
Even if it is offensive to some people .
With my experences in a library nothing has came across to be offensive to me .
Im a kind of person that dosen't care .
However I have seeen so books ware the author is making fun of the @CAPS1 people .
Also @CAPS2 seen a book ware the author is writting about the black people and how they used to be treated and some of the book has the @PERSON1 in it witch is a major racism to black people .
It could be a unfair situation to some people that have kids with them and a inapropreate book is on the shelf and they see it .
That could be offensive to the children and the parents .Or it could even be in a magizine .
But why should the books magizines and ect .. be tooken off the shelfs when its not effensive to all people ?
If the libraians took all the offensive books off the shelves then there wouldn't be any left .
Everyone has diffrent things that can offend them .
If you dont like how the book is you can take it to your friend and they can read it or you can just turn it back into the library .
You can also talk to the library manager and tell them the issue with the offensive it has given you .
Books , movies , magizines and ect are all in a library .
They could be offensive or not .
If you think they are then dont look at it or read it .
Its that simple get it or dont