If we remove all books we think should't be on the shelves .
What would there be to read ?
So many books have great detail in them to give us a vivid picture about what we 're reading .
Even at times the books we think are alright to read end up having a surprise that no one saw coming .
I don't think we should have to remove books , music , movies etc.
, just because they are found offensive to some people .
Instead of removing the books others love to read , what we should do is rate the books like we do movies and music .
Or put the books some people find offensive in there own area .
If all books were rated like movies , we would know just what were buying or checking out .
Movies are rated by the language and content they have in it .
Books should be the same way .
Or if someone was to find a book or magazine offensive they should be put in a different location with a labe identifing that they could be offenisve to others .
I do not think they should just be removed and out of the way .
I think having books that are too offensive should be put in there own bookshelves .
By doing this , people would know not to let there childeren go near them because they have been labled .
And like rated ' @CAPS1 ' movies a minor needs to be with an adut .
But with books you should be find with your own choice at the age of @NUM1 .
In my opinion this would be a great idea to be done and should be done .
There's a bunch of books i can think of that would not be suitable for young childeren .
Yet little kids love to read and could easily take a book off the shelf if they so pleased .
Many parents complain about what thier childeren read , watch , or listen to everyday .
Labing would be such a great way to control a bit of what they hear and see each day .
I think many parents would agree with my opinion and stand by it .
I 'm not saying to throw away the offensive books , music , movies , etc.
, but to labe them so others know what they are going to read or see .
I believe this would be an excellent way to make sure our childeren don't read the things we as parents wouldn't want them to read or check out