Have you ever went to a library and found that some books arn't really the best choice for younger kids to be reading ?
Well I am about to write a persuasive essay explaining what I think is best for younger children to be reading .
I have went to multiple libraries and found that some books , magazines , and movies are way to extreme for kids to be reading/watching .
I personaly think that children who arn't above @CAPS5 years old shouldn't be exposed of rated @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 @NUM1 books , movies , or magazines .
Children shouldn't have to know what adult movies , books , or magazines should look like at the age @NUM2 .
What I think kids should watch or read are @CAPS2 movies and books .
Some of you are probly like 'but it's not like there going to know what it means . '
@CAPS4 if children don't know what something means then that deffinantly won't stop them from saying it .
Children learn by hands on or watching other things .
They will eventually ask what does this mean or mommy what does this word mean .
No parent is ready to tell there child at the age of three what a four letter word means .
If you are one of the few parents that don't know how to explain things to your child then thats when you can bring out the older books/movies .
But don't let them read it on there own .
Usually kids will start asking about more adult things when the hit the age @CAPS5 and up .
Thats when you as a parents can start letting them read and watch older movies and books .
Tweleve years old is still a pretty young age for a kid to be reading and watching older movies on there own .
Thats when you as a parent can sit down next to them and explain what is going on .
As a kid we look up to our parents .
We learn from seeing what you guys do .
That is the exact same thing as reading and watching movies that are way to extreme for us at the age of ten .
At the age of sixteen then usually kids are fine on there own they know what to expect .
They know what is happening and they know how to handel it .
In conclusion I think that rated @CAPS1 books , magazines and movies should be kept above ages one- @CAPS5 .
I think that kids will be better off learning about things that they need to know by the time middle school starts .
Then once they hit highschool they will already know about what becoming an adult is all about