Many books , movies , and magazines are made for the different age groups of adults and children .
I do agree that certain books are not approperiate for some children .
Is it right for some parents to ban books from schools and libraries ?
Authors create books and stories because they like the idea , and students can wright what we want on paper because it's what we want it's called freedom .
Schools can try to be creative and have a way to only allow books to the approperate age groups .
Books are a great part of a students learning .
Parents need to learn , and understand no matter how much they don ' @CAPS1 like it that they can ' @CAPS1 protect their children from the world some day they will be moved out of the house supporting themselves .
How would childern and teens even know how to live or what and how to react to hearing a bad word or watching sexual on @CAPS1.V .
If students never know how will they live .
Books can be learning in many ways .
Some things a teenager might be experiencing a parent might not want to talk about with their child .
Maybe the family can ' @CAPS1 afford to buy a pass to the public library .
So the only other option is the school library books .
If students can ' @CAPS1 have access to then whats the option for them ?
Everyone knows how today's society is changing , if a student wants to learn about sex or @ORGANIZATION1's they should be able to if the age is approprite .
All libraries check out books so the book is under a name .
I know at our school students just come in and take the books instead of checking them out , but some students do still use the card and check the book out .
If schools had books that our for only a certain age group a soultion to getting the older students to check them out and only the right age could be the books are in a case that is locked up .
So for the student to have the book unlocked and checked they have an electronic key to unlock books for the age group they are in .
When the student unlocks the book and goes to check it out the computer knows what books that specific student can get .
Books are very important to learning and all books need to stay and not get blocked by parents .