Censorship in today's libraries is a major issue .
There are groups who both support and challenge these ideas of censoring books and other media from our children .
Do you think it is right for someone else to decide what we can or can't read ?
Personally , I believe that we should be able to make our own choices when deciding if a book or movie is too indescent to read or not .
We as human beings have the ability to make our own decisions .
Everyday we are faced with hundreds of decisions ; whether it be what outfit we are going to wear for the day , or what type of food we want to eat .
In that sense , nobody can tell us that we can't do these things so why should they be allowed to tell us what we can or can't read ?
What @MONTH1 look vulgar to someone , might not look so offensive to another individual .
Everybody has a different taste in media .
That is why it is wrong for someone to make decisions on what to watch or read for someone else .
What they think is wrong @MONTH1 be completely normal to the individual they are making the decison for .
Censoring of media for kids should be the responsibility of the parents .
If a parent does not want their child to be exposed to a certain element of media then that parent should not allow their child to see or read it .
Everybody has their own opinion on things , that is what makes us human individuals .
The ability to make and process decisons is one of the human races greatest talents .
These descisions should never be left up to someone sitting in an office in @LOCATION1 .
When the government is making decisions that effect us that personally , do we still truly have freedom ?
When censorship of television comes into question I believe that this is the reason we have ratings .
Theses ratings warn people of the content included , whether graphic or not .
With these in place , there is no reason why we should completely remove shows or movies from the public .
I believe that the same should be done for books .
Books should be required to have an age appropriate rating on them .
If you are under the age required to purchase or check-out a book , then you will be rejected and not able to get the book .
Ratings worked with television and movies , so why can they not work for books to ?
In some cases , some media should be destroyed and hidden from public .
Media that show racism towards any ethnicity or religion should be banned .
By doing so , I believe the only effects this will have on society are positive ones .
Censoring these types or movies , books , ect .
can save a lot of people hurt or embarrassment .
I believe that we should be allowed to choose which books , shows , or movies we read or watch .
This includes all forms of media , excluding any media that provoke racism and hate against a group of people .
The decisions we make should be influenced by a rating system put in place for all media .
We as humans have the birth given right of making our own decisions .
This right should never be taken away from us