I do not believe that people should be given the right to do that .
Just like Katherine Paterson had said , if people did away with everything that offended them , there would not be any books left for any of us .
Everyone has the choice whether they either want to read the book , or they do not .
If they do not want to , then they do not have to .
Just because one person does not like something does not mean that everybody else can not either .
Honestly , there are some people who take offense to everything , and if they do not like the book or whatever it @MONTH1 be , they do not have to read it .
I find a lot of people to say things that offend me , but that does not mean that I have the right to make them stop talking .
However , I do agree that there should be certain standards set for some of the books out there .
Some books are too graphic for young children to read , and I think that one should have to be a certain age to be able to read them .
But , I do not think that just because they are graphic that they should be taken off the shelves .
Maybe the book gets a very delicate point across , like the book ' @CAPS1 ' , for example .
In this book , a young girl is raped very harshly .
But , the author did not write the book to tell everyone about her experience .
She wrote the book to explain that no matter what happens , there is always something that can help .
This book was a success story , and the graphic detail is there to show the agony the girl had went through .
Some might find this offensive , but most think that it is uplifting to know that they are not the only ones who have had it happen to them .
Books are not the only things that might offend some people .
In certain department stores , there @MONTH1 be a movie that has a line in it that I take offensively .
Does that give me the right to take it off of the shelf and demand that it be banned ?
No , and why might that be ?
Because I have a choice if I want to watch it or not .
Another place is the @CAPS2 .
If you ask me , there are a lot more offensive things on the @CAPS2 then there are in books .
Kids can get on the @CAPS2 and stumble across things that they definitely should not see , so does that mean we should ban the @CAPS2 ?
No , because the @CAPS2 helps in a lot of ways too .
If I wanted to , I could find offense in everything that is in a library .
Books based on religion , or maybe a website based on a musician that had references to drugs in their lyrics .
I would be mad if I came to the library to listen to music and someone had removed them from the computer .
Maybe I do not like what they 're listening to , but that does not mean I can do anything about it .
So , my opinion is that books , or anything else for that matter , should not be banned because someone didn't like what it contained .
Not everyone is going to like the same book , and that's why there is such a variety to choose from .
Libraries should not be told which books they can and can not lend out .
After all , we are not forced to do anything .
All of us are different and we like different things , but we should accept the tastes of others as well as our own