Books , music , and movies are being taken off of shelves around the globe , because they are found offensive .
Books , movies , and music were created for a reason .
It's a form of entertainment as well as to build knowledge .
Artists , authors and publishers release their work to get information out and to let others hear their voice , it is their freedom of speech .
Books , magazines , music , and movies should not be taken off of shelves if they are found offensive .
Censorship in libraries just hides certain things from society .
If all books on the @CAPS1 were banned and nobody could read them , nobody would be informed on the horrible event and it could easily be reincated .
The majority of movies and books have relevant information , portray events that could take , or have taken , place , and teach valuable lessons .
Artists and authors use their works to get points across to their audiences , whether it is a lesson or learning valubale or interesting information .
People shouldn't be allowed to just take things off of shelves like they are doing .
The material we read , music we listen to , and the movies we watch should be our decision to make .
It shouldn't be decided upon by others wanting to take it off of shelves .
If someone finds material offensive then they should take their own actions to benifit themselves such as , choosing not to expose themselves or their family to the material .
Banning things from the public takes away opprotunity for people to engage in things that interest them .
Some material could be banned for something as simple as one provocative word , sentence or even a thought .
The book ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3's @CAPS4 ' had multiple occurances of cursing , but the book told a true story of an event that can happen to anyone .
It also indirectly included that families can be torn apart if you let them be , but the choice is yours and you can prevent it from happening .
Small things like such as language should not cause the material to be taken off of shelves where people who appreciate it can not obtain it .
Katherine Paterson's quote is correct , if we can just take things off of shelves then there wouldn't be anything left for us .
Most materials contain something that someone isn't going to agree with , but if we just keep getting rid of things then what is the point in making new material .
There is always going to be the issue of finding offensive material , but nobody should have the right to ban it from everyone .
Materials around the globe are being taken off of shelves due to offensive material , but they were created for a reason .
Not only is it for entertainment , but it is also for knowledge too .
Artists , authors , and publishers release their work to get information out to let others hear their voice , it is their freedom of speech .