Did your child ever bring home a book ?
A piece of music , movie or magazine ?
Did you ever stop to think that the piece of information that your child was bringing home could be offensive to someone else ?
There are points in time where there isn't an answer to that question and you dont want to chose yes or no .
The driving question is do you want to remove books , music , movies and magazines from the shelf , just because a parent thinks that its not fit for a child to be reading .
Katherine Paterson said 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shel .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf , that I work abhor , then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 point in this quotation is that if you take a book off the shelf everytime that someone doesnt think that its right for children to see , then there will be no books left to see .
In agreement to Katherine , parents @MONTH1 want the best for their children , but there are reasons to why you should agree with the average parent and then there are reasons to why you shouldn't .
There are books out amongst the world that only adults should see , and their are also books out there that are way too advance to be read by children .
These books are all made for a reason and have there own purpose on why they are put there .
Parents have to sit back and think of their children and then think of the rest of the world , its a big world and you cant just take things away from it .
No matter how much you want to protect a child from the point of seeing the books that are meant for older age ranges , there isnt a way that you can stop it .
I think that books are there for whatever reason they were written for .
There is no reason that because one person doesn't agree with the way that someone has written that book , it should be taken off the shelf just for that child .
Libraries cant just start taking books off the shelf for individual mothers that dont like this or dont like that .
Many people come from many different areas and see things in a different perspective , they dont know the difference between right and wrong .
It's a bigger world out there than you and me .
When one person tries to stand against the world , they 're going to get knocked down .
So why fight when the world was meant to be at peace ?