I don't think that censoring books and movies is needed in my opinion .
Very many people are just too protective .
They just need to calm themselves down and just face the facts .
Eventually everybody will come in contact with almost everything that is mentioned in books at some point in there life .
Life is unpredictable and anything can happen at any moment .
You will probably end up reading the books that you are not supposed to anyway when you get older .
The people that think there should be censorship on library books will most likely get there way at least in their community .
I think that libraries should be organized in a way that when you walk in you know the section you want to be in .
They should have the books for adults in one section , books for teenagers in a different section , and books for kids in another section of the library too .
This would help the parents that go with their kids keep them in the right spot .
This would also help in a way to find your book if you know what type of book it is .
Another good thing that would help in a library are signs that catergorize the books .
So if you walk in the teenager section and you are looking for a good mystery book .
You just look at the top of the book case or at the ceiling where the signs are .
This would help majorly for people that have never been in a library or don't know how to search for their book in a library .
The next thing would be to have all the movies , magazines , and music in the categories of adult , kids , and teenagers too .
They would be in the sections of the books but at the same time be seperated to where the signs in the section say movie and music .
This way kids don't have to roam around to find a certain movie that they want and have to roam around in the adult section to find it .
The movies and magazines don't have to be exactly in the categories of mystery and things like that because normally movies are more well known than books in our time period .
A good thing that would keep little kids in the right section would be to color it with a lot of bright colors that will attract their attention .
If a little kid goes into a section that is dull and boring they @MONTH1 just wander in the adult section and stumble across something that their parents don't want them to .
The kids section could be lots of colors , the teenager section could be maybe one color , and the adult section could be the most dull of all of the colors .
All of my ideas would work and keep all of the kids entertained .
They also will take more of an interest in reading if they are interested by walking in a library .
These are the only ideas that I have that would work well .
There could be more things that would keep kids interested but only for a little bit