I do not believe that censorship in libraries is a good thing .
For many reasons but to save sometime here are just a few of the reasons why I believe this , there would be no books left for anyone to read , if certain books where taken off the shelf we would not have the knowledge from them , and our kids would not know what other people can think of .
At the end of this essay one might understand the advandages and disadvantages to censorship in libraries .
@CAPS6 many books would be gone ?
If we all took off one book that we found offensive then our children and other children would not be able to read .
Taking off one offensive book per person leaves no books left in a library .
What one person @MONTH1 find offensive another person could find rather enjoyable .
Some of my friends think that ' @CAPS1 ' is an offensive novel but I found the book to be rather enjoyable .
On the other hand we also have to understand that there are somethings that just shouldn't be put out in public .
@CAPS6 would we get as much knowledge as we have ?
Without all the books that are in our libraries @CAPS6 would people get the knowledge to make great discoveries in science , history , and electronics ?
People would be lost if we didn't have our books .
The books give people great knowledge and a great place to learn @CAPS6 to do things .
I myself have learned @CAPS6 to become a successful @CAPS2 novel @CAPS3 from the @CAPS4 I took out of ' A @CAPS2 @CAPS3's @CAPS4 for @CAPS5 . '
@CAPS6 would the ideas of other people be heard around the world without books in our libraries ?
Those books that are offensive can also be of great use when doing a research paper or just trying to find something to talk about with friends at school or work .
Without the books that we have in the library people would not be able to understand what other people thought about certain ideas on politics and other issues in daily life .
The books help people come up with ideas to create things and be createative in everything they do .
The ideas that one person expresses in their writing is a great place to find a spark of imagination when a person needs something to keep their mind off of personal issues .
Life without books ?
Censorship is a good and bad thing in libraries , I myself on one hand do not find it appropraite but on the other hand it can be taken to a whole different perspective .
People who want to use it don't understand that other people could take the books off the shelf that they , themselves like to read in their spare time , nor do they understand all the knowledge that we gain from books even if they are fiction , and lastly without the books that we have no one would know what someone in a different park of the world was thinking .
Foremost people who want cenorship in libraries don't understand what would happen if we had the power to all take one book off the shelf .
One could understand both sides of the coin here but we need to step back and think about what life would be like without our books .