There are many books , music , movies , and magezines in the world .
Some are humorous , historic , or romantic , however some are offensive in some way .
People @MONTH1 get offended when they read or listen to certain things , but does that mean that those things should be removed from the shelf ?
Some people @MONTH1 find something offensive while another person does not , therefore the music , books , movies , or magazines should not be removed from the shelves .
If a person thinks that a song should be removed from the shelf and it does get removed , what about the person who did not find it offensive ?
People are intitled to their own thoughts and feelings , however that doesn't mean that one person's feelings are better than someone else's .
If everyone tried to make everyone happy then there wouldn't be a lot of options to chose from in the library .
If one person finds something offensive in a book , another person might find another book that is offensive , and it goes on until there aren't any books left .
With entertainment it is hard to please everyone .
No matter what it is there will always be at least one person who doesn't like it .
This , however , does not mean that it should be removed from shelves .
If one person does find it offensive then there is most likely someone else who doesn't .
The people who don't find something offensive want to be satisfied , too .
It is impossible to please everyone , so what should be done ?
If someone finds something offensive , they shouldn't read or listen to it .
People can chose to quit listening to a song , quit watching a movie , or quit reading a book or magazine that they @MONTH1 find offensive .
They have the right and freedom to not pay any attention to it .
This way the person who isn't offened can still enjoy their choices of entertainment at the library .
If I find something offensive I try not to pay attention to it .
There are many books or songs that I do find offensive , so I just avoid those .
By avoiding these books or songs I don't offend anyone else by taking away something that they might enjoy .
I still am satisfied and so are they .
The library workers know what they are doing .
If the library takes away a book because some people find it offensive then they might be offending those people who didn't find it offensive by basically saying that their morals are better than yours .
A library should take a book or magazine out if it feels necessary , but not to please certain customers becuase then they aren't pleasing the other customers and could offend them .
People have the right to voice there feelings but that doesn't mean that they are always right and that certain things should be changed because of them .
It is impossible to make everyone completely satsified but there are compromises .
The libraries shouldn't remove things off their shelves but should give more options that won't be offensive , and people should avoid the things that they find offensive