Libraries have always been an outstanding source for information .
Among the myriad of resourceful materials provided by libraries are book , movies , and magazines .
Recently , the debate over whether libraries should censor offensive materials has caused quite a stir .
Many parents argue that they don't want their children to be exposed to explicit materials , especially books , exhibited in public libraries .
Others have retorted to this statement by saying that if every book that is viewed as offensive is taken off the shelves , the shelves would be nearly empty .
Author Katherine Paterson stated , ' All of us can think of book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf-that work i abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us ' ( Katherine Paterson ) .
Books that are offensive should not be removed from libraries for the simple reason that they are still one of the most reliable sources for information and historical events , and , without books , society would suffer .
The most important reason as to why people shouldn't be allowed to remove offensive books from shelves is that if every person was allowed to remove a book that he/she found offensive , there wouldn't be many books remaining on the libraries ' shelves .
There are many historical works that contain offensive images and content , but people have to overlook this because these books are accounts of our history .
Without them , society would forget about the past events that shaped and molded our world into the world it is today .
Another important reason why library censhorship is wrong is that material that one person @MONTH1 find to be offensive @MONTH1 not be ofensive to another .
Every person has his/her own view on certain matters and events .
For this reason , the censorship of a certain book shouldn't come down to the opinion of one individual .
Rather , the decision to take a certain book off of library shelves should come from the opinions of a large group of individuals .
By doing so , a fair representation of @CAPS1 , most books are meant to tell either fictional stories or historical events that aren't meant to offend anyone .
Fictional books are meant to fill the mind of whoever reads them with tales and mental images of a story created by the author .
Also , historical books are meant to capture the events of our past so that people @MONTH1 be able to look back on these events both now and in the future .
In all , the idea of censoring libraries is a negative proposal .
Books were meant to provide historical accounts and fictional stories to enrigh the minds of readers , not poison them with bad content .
Everyone has their own views , which is why people should learn to respect the views of different books no matter how offensive the material @MONTH1 be to them