Do believe that any boook or form of literature should be removed from a library just because someone takes it into offense ?
No , it should not be removed .
That person should clearly just not read the book or let their children read the book .
They have a problem with the book , not everyone else if the book was good enough to be published that means someone wants to read the book which means they would make others who want the book upset over their own opinion .
In the words of Katherine Paterson , a famous author , she says , 'All o fus can think of a book that we hope none of uor children or any children have taken off the shelf .
But i fI have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 she means by that is everyone has their own opinion on every piece of material that hits stores and libraries .
If we shall let everyone choose to take these materials off the shelf then we might as well have no books , music , movies , magazines , etc at all because someone somewhere will always not like the material .
If someone finds something offensive they should simply stay away from it .
Everyone has their own view of everythings they come across which means if you hate something , your neighbor might love it .
So simply because the boo or other form of material offend you that doesn't mean that its worth taking off the shelves of libraries and book stores .
Don't get me wrong I believe in some forms of censorship .
I just don't believe in people taking their opinion and choosing whether a certain piece of literature or music can be in our libraries .
I just believe that our libraries are a place where authors can express themselves and share their book , novels , poems , etc .
I believe that if something is offensive to you that's your opinion and there's an easier way to not hav eyour children read the than getting the book removed , just don't bring the book to your children stay away from the book as much as possible .
If you @MONTH1 come across it just don't acknowledge it .
Your children are more at risk of being in a carcrash then reading a nonapropriate book only if you teach them correctly , not to sound harsh but to shine reality on the fact .
That is why I do not believe in censorship in libraries nor bookstores