Dear sir or mam , Have you or someone in your family ever read a book , magazine , or watched a movie that was taken to be offensive ?
Do you or that person think that it would make a difference if that one book , book or movie was removed from the shelves ?
Would removing every book , cd , movie or magazine from shelves that were to have a great or small amount of racism , violence , bad language and other inappropriate things be helping the community ?
Do you believe that its everyone's decision whether or not those things should be removed from the shelves ?
I believe that alot of people in our community have read a book in their lifetime that they considered to be the slightest bit offensive to them .
I bet people all over the world have read offensive books .
But the only types of people that those books , movies or magazines would affect would be teenagers and kids .
But at the time they wouldn't see it as offensive , they would think that it was cool and interesting and they would want to read or watch it over and over again until they were to get bored of it then they would gone back the library and get another one .
I think in a way it would and would not make a difference whether or not they were removed from the shelves .
Because if only that one book , movie or magazine was removed from the shelves then the person that got it removed would move on from that book , magazine or movie and find plenty more of them that would be more or equally offensive .
If every people were to remove every book that they were to find offensive then other people who would enjoy them that certain thing wouldn't beable to obtain it.If everyonewere to find all kinds different books , movies or magazines offensive and got them removed from the shelves then their wouldn't be very much left for the community .
In conclusion I believe that every individual has their opinion and own way of thinking when it comes to what is and is not offensive .
I think it is not just up to them on what should be on the shelves in a library , but the communities choice .
If someone wants a good book , magazine , or movie they should ask suggestions from a friend or family member on what they should get .
If they can't get any suggestions on what they should get they should just what they think is interesting ignore the offensive parts