Have you ever wanted something removed from the shelves of a library because you thought it was offensive ?
If so , how did you go about the situation and what did you want done about it ?
I know in my experiences I have found some things that were offensive , so I am sure that they are out there .
I think there are so many rules , qualifications , or standards that can give someone reason to take something off a shelf , and those can be different for everyone .
If you were in a children's library or a school library , I am sure most people would agree that any book with offensive language , situations , opinions , etc .
should be removed from the shelves .
Now if you were in a public library in the teenage or adult section and those same books that were inappropriate for the children's library are in the teenage or adult section , that might be admissable .
The audience is different ; therefore , the types of literature , music , movies , etc .
can be more opinionated , mature , and controversial .
Part of why something should come off of a shelf depends on who is going to be reading it or listening to it .
In my opinion , there is a fine line as to what can be considered too controversial or too mature .
@CAPS1 is one reason why I think there should be censorship because some things are definitely too controversial or mature .
Although , I also think there should be guidelines , and perhaps rules , on what should be allowed on shelves and what should not because some things might be on the edge of the line , but depending on what it is it can be , for example , a learning tool or great read .
As Katherine Paterson said , 'But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else . '
@CAPS1 is why I think there should be guidelines or rules .
If everyone had the right to remove something from a shelf , there might not be anything left to read or listen to .
Different things are offensive to different people .
If there were rules or guidelines , that would ensure there would still be things to read and listen to in the future .
I think there should be censorship in libraries .
Some pieces of work are just too offensive , and they need to be taken off the shelves .
I think it would be appropriate for some rules to be developed or some guidelines to be created .
As Paterson stated , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '