Today in our day and age we have books , music , movies , and magazines that say or show materials that young children and teens should not be seeing at their ages .
I am writting your newspaper company to tell you that I think the censorship should be implied more in libraries .
Their should be something like a warning label on the magazines , movies , music , etc .
that the parent has to sign before that says , ' @CAPS1 child can see or hear the materials being displayed . '
In this centry we have @ORGANIZATION1 and @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 shows showing violience , sexual content , alcohol , and drugs .
Its almost impossible to keep all children away from these things , but we should at least try to .
There are shows on @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS2 now showing teenage pregnencys , and they are pursading the viewers that its okay to have children without being married , or even in a relationship with the person .
@ORGANIZATION1 shows are now showing things like stealing in stores and the actor or actress getting away with the prize with no conserquence .
Also they have violence and uneeded langauge .
I know from @CAPS1 own experience watching @ORGANIZATION2 @CAPS2 @CAPS1 dad has came into @CAPS1 room , and told me to turn it off .
That they shouldn't be allowed to do somethings they are showing the viewers .
I know when I am married and have children I will keep @CAPS1 kids away from certain materials as long as I can until they are old enough to understand , and know the right thing to do in the situation .
Some of the language they use such as 'retard ' I find offensive .
In @CAPS1 opition the censorship in libraries and in households have really declined .
Some parents have no idea what their child might be watching behind closed doors .
A good parent would make sure that the materials their child is watching is appropraite for there age .
Even books have sexual contact , and language .
When I have children I will make sure that they are reading materials that fit them .
Magazines these days are even worse .
The call the @CAPS7 ' @CAPS6 @CAPS7 ' for a reason , and young teens are picking it up off the shelves at conveniate stores and are reading it .
Most music you hear on the radio has some sort of offensive words , refuring to sexual activity , or they are singing about drinking or drugs .
Parents need to get more involved in their childrens life , and what they are reading or seeing .
I am not saying that all materials need to be removed from the shelves , because some movies or reading materials send off great messages to kids and teens .
I am just concerned about some things people can get so easily without any censoring .
I hope you read this essay and really take it into concerderation .
I hope to hear back from you soon .
Thank you for your time