It was during @CAPS1 class that we visited the library to look at various books .
One of which , that my teacher picked up , was ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 Right @CAPS5 ' by @PERSON2 .
The book had been written during the cult of domesticity and was filled with ideas of the submissiveness of women and their devotion to the home .
I found that book to be very offensive just because I was looking at it from a modern perspective .
Nowadays it would be considered sexist to assume that women should stay home and take care of the house while men work outside of the home .
Just because it was a piece of literature that I didn't agree with , doesn't mean that it's not a valued work .
Certain materials should not be removed from the libraries if found offensive .
There is such a wide variety of people who search through the library , so finding a certain piece of material that not one person finds offensive is nearly impossible .
Materials shouldn't be allowed to be censored for that reason .
Materials found in the library are a form of expression to the individual who created them or to the society as a whole .
Censoring those works would be considered a violation to the freedom of expression .
People of all ages look through the library to find books or music or magazines .
Each of those people has a different belief .
What is considered a work of art to one person could be seen as highly offensive to another .
If libraries were to start censoring their books , then the result would be a small selection of drab , emotionless materials .
People visit the library to find materials that they are interested in , or look around to expand their interests .
Libraries need to contain a wide variety of material to satisfy this knowledge.A library's job is to educate the people who enter it .
A good form of education is the exposure to different types of material .
Sometimes the offending nature of a novel is what makes it good .
It gets the reader thinking about what the author's purpose was .
'The @CAPS6 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' by @PERSON3 was seen as a very offensive work for a long period of time .
It incorporated the issue of slavery when many people weren't ready to deal with it .
As a result , that book was banned from libraries and schools .
Now , it is seen as one of the most famous works in @CAPS7 literature .
That example proves that material that's reguarded as offensive , shouldn't automatically have its value lowered .
'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us , ' as said by Katherine Paterson , is an accurate depiction of the outcome of a library with censorship on its materials .
Part of what make a good work great , is its ability to stir up controversy among its readers .
Removing the controversy will remove an aspect of education along with it , which is essentially the main purpose of a library