I believe that if there are books , music , movies , or magazines that offends you .
People shouldn't be able to disarm that material off of the shelf .
If it's there children they 're worried about just teach them from staying away from adult section .
Also , some people don't like foul language but thats there opinion .
Than we wouldn't have any material left in the library if everyone had the rights to disarm offensive material .
'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any us ' ( Paterson ) .
If it's your children your worried about seeing censorship in libraries but , you don't mind it just have them stay in the kids section reading books .
You could just go a day where you want to go by yourself so you don't have to worry about your kids spotting any censorship .
Before checking the material out skim through it make sure there is nothing offensive for your child .
Many people don't like foul language but , that's there opinion .
It doesn't bother me because it gives the book a little taste and it's more interesting .
Helps you understand what the reader is feeling upon someone or thing .
Sometimes it helps show what mood the reader has in the story .
Finally , if everyone had the right to disarm all the offensive materials , we wouldn't have anything left .
This could effect peoples education and reading skills .
Some of that material is peoples hobbies they wouldn't be able to do what they like anymore .
'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off of the shelf ' ( Paterson ) .
It's an easy fix just teach your children from right and wrong .
Would you rather have your children have a good education or not know how to read ?
Many people dislike foul language but it could make the book better .
I don't know what I would do if there was no more books .
Well these are examples of why people shouldn't have the rights to disarm material off of the shelf if it offends them .
What would you do if you had something you loved taken away from you ?