Removing certain books , music , movies , magazines , and so on is a serious question to ask.Well , some believe its a good idea , on the other hand other people dont .
If you ask my opinion I would have to side with not removing certain books , movies , music , etc .
One of the many reasons why I believe we should not remove them is because everyone is entitled their own opinion.Some @MONTH1 find a book offensive , well on the other hand some @MONTH1 find it riviting and not offensive at all .
If the person thinks the book is offensive they should simpily not read it.They should not have to band books , music , movies , etc .
just because some find it offensive .Well others @MONTH1 find things offensive that the other person does not .We all have are own beliefes and we should be free to express them , as long as it doesnt involve breaking any laws .
Another reason why I agree with not removing certain books , movies , and so on is because we might not have any left.Like i said before we all have our own opinions.Not every single person is going to say a book , etc .
doesnt offend them.We should not have to take away certain items.But on the other hand i believe we should restrict certain books , moves , music , etc .
If a book , movie , etc.
, seems to complicated for a child to comprehend , then they should not be able to read , watch , etc.
, the item.We should classify things based on knowledge , understanding , and maturity .
Also I believe we all have a right to believe what we want to believe .
Just as we all have choices.I can agree with some of the arguments other people have for removing certain books , and movies , etc.
, but the main idea is to do what is best for everyone.I just dont see that removing every book , movie , music , etc.
, will solve any problems .In fact I truly believe it would make matters worse.Their would be arguments of what to remove and what not to .
In conclusion I belive we should keep libraires the way they are.It would keep things less complicated .
Also it would be the best choice .