A @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 there ever a time where there @CAPS3 a movie that you wanted to see , but due to graphics in the movie you were not aloud to see it ?
Many parents or young adults believe that movies being @CAPS1 are a good thing .
What they do not know is that if something is @CAPS1 that's just going to make the kid want to go see it more .
Frist of all , if they kids want to see it badly enough they will just sneek in or get a copy of it off the internet , which is illegal .
I remember when I @CAPS3 younger me and my friends always wanted to go see @CAPS4 rated movies .
So we would have our parents drop us off .
When we would arrive home are parents would ask what we saw , we would lie and say we saw the new @CAPS5 @CAPS6 movie .
Therefore kids will get into trouble for a stupid thing .
Secondly if you don't believe your child should watch a movie because of your religous beliefs , then you and your child should have a talk .
Statistics show that the more the kids can talk to their parents openly and come to an agreement , the less the child is going to lie and go behide their parents back .
Many parents come to an agreement , that if they get to preview the movie frist then they will decide if it is approprite for their child to watch .
In many cases this works out great for the parents and children , fore if the adult gives premission for the child to go see it then the parent and child will have something to talk about when they get home .
Finally , I believe movies should be uncensored .
For the movies are not really that bad , your child will end up seeing it one way or another .
Whether it's at a friends house the internet , or going to the theater .
What harm could it cause to see it now .
So in conclusion to my statements.To know that your child will see this movie , wouldn't it be okay not to censore it .
'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf , that work I abhor , then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
as said by Katherine Paterson is true .
Could you imagine living in a @CAPS1 wold ?
I know I can't .
So think are you for or against censorship .
Would you want your kid to lie to you about where they were going or what they saw ?
I know I wouldn't n't