There are all kinds of different people in the world .
People with different views on things , people with strong opinions , people who are very outspoken and mature and alot of those people are authors of the hundreds of books that fill our libraries at school .
Some schools censor certain books from schools because they think the tone or message is inappropriate or too violent , but I believe that we have a right to these books .
In my opinion no book should be censored from the library .
We have troops fighting for our freedom of press and freedom of speech and censoring books completely ignores these wonderful freedoms our country has given us .
During my freshman year we read a book called ' @CAPS1 @NUM1 ' and before we read it our teacher told us a little bit about what it is about .
She said the book was about the way a society had banned books like they were drugs or something that could hurt us .
Now apparently a school didn't like the idea of a society banning all books so they banned this book from being read to their children .
Now if you actually read this book they portray how bizzare and crazy this would be to have all books banned but here we are banning a book about banned books !
Does this make any sense ?
To be honest by the time you are in high school you have probably seen , heard , and done crazier stuff than what people put in the 'banned books ' .
Now I know there are some people who would say just because you do things that you should not be doing in the first place does not mean you @CAPS2 to read about it all the time and fill your head with ideas about it , and I agree on some level because most of the stuff high schoolers do they shouldn't , but thats life , plain and simple .
In my opinion , high schoolers really are mature enough to handel some offensive language or violent scenes because I 'm sure they see worse stuff on the televison or sometimes in their own homes .
One of my good friends is @NUM2 years old , has two jobs , her own apartment with her boyfriend , and is not supported by either of her parents .
Now this girl still goes to high school and has great grades and is obviously very mature for her age but yet even she is not allowed to read a book with some offensive language in it .
I think our society 'babies ' us a little to much because when we get out into the real world things are not going to be censored or kept quiet .
I think high schools @CAPS2 to put these books into the libraries because it might help some kids grow up and become more mature .
When we go into the work place after college and start our lives with careers , homes , and families we @MONTH1 be to immature to deal with it and I know some people who are !
Censored books are just a way to keep the way we live life quiet to some people and never let kids grow up and experience things .
We have a right to these books just like the people who write them have a right to do so .
If they can publish them , then we should be able to read them no matter what our age is