Inappropriate magazines in the reach of children ?
!
?
'
@CAPS1 just not right ' , says reporter @PERSON1 , ' I think that magazines , books , and other profanities should be out of the reach of children and only discussed when chosen by an adult ' .
Libraries in the present day need to overseer children when they are looking in the library .
If children see something that they want with no guardian then they shouldn't get it , its just that simple .
Although the books can seem inappropriate to some people they should not be taken off the shelves because older books help children learn about what happened in the earlier days , it teaches them some of the ways that we use now , and it shows real stories about people in modern day .
For example some of the books about @ORGANIZATION1 connect some people as being to abrassive and mocking , but it just shows what happened long before there were laws for racism .
The books about @NUM1 also come provacative to some people because they lost someone close during the bombing , the books teach the kids that not everyone is nice and cruel things happen to some good people.Books about peoples life are also in libraries talking about what happened to them as they were kids or how their parents died of cancer , the books teach the children that outcomes can turn out for the good or the bad .
Some entertainment is not intended for kids to see , for example , pornography and provacative language .
Pornography is thought to be an entertainment for adults , but many times it is just something that can scare kids at young ages if they do not know what is really happening .
Also , provacative language in a book or on a cd is not something that kids should be listening to .
However , they need to learn that if they hear those words they need to know not to say them so they don't get into trouble by their parents .
Books of history are thought to be helpful when children are growing up .
Most of the time that is correct , about @PERCENT1 of the children take in the information and use it to help them .
However , there is @PERCENT2 of children out there that will just think of the information that they are being told as good things .
@ORGANIZATION2 didn't just wake up one day and say im going to bomb the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 .
His devious plans and clever mastermining took alot of time to plan out .
People @MONTH1 object to children learning some things about history , but i think it is needed for every child to understand .
Everyone needs to know about the ups and downs about their country and the others surrounding them .
Children @MONTH1 not understand right now what is wrong with the economy , but they will soon learn when they are adults why people complain so much .
Books about this stuff @MONTH1 come offensive to some people , but down the road books are used for many things , we still learn about people from hundreds of years ago .
Children will soon learn of the harsh conditions and the reason why things happen .
Without the books and the videos the future will never know what happened .
Many young people @MONTH1 change words in books , but the books will always still have what really happened .
@CAPS1 why i think that the libraries should keep the books on the shelves , just out of reach of the children