Reading is very important for kids these days .
Libraries should have the right to have any kind of text , movie , magazine , or genre of music that is desired for a student to learn from .
There are not any kind of books that could be deemed offensive in any way to people these days .
There are exceptions to this however like any book written to specifically target a race , religion , or gender .
Such as books written by raving racist fanatics like members of the @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS1- @CAPS2's .
Being a high school student and having a nice library in my school I have learned a lot from the books in my library .
I have never in my @CAPS6 years of @CAPS4 seen a book or heard of someone who saw a book that offended them .
I can assure you that there is not one book in the @CAPS7 that would offend me personally , this is not to say though that there are books out there that will offend certain people .
Reading books is fun to me and I would not want to miss out on a good book because a library is not holding it because there is the off chance that someone somewhere might get offended by that certain book .
Reading should not be limitted based on content because there is always someone out there who is looking for that certain book for a good read .
I have heard of people who have gotten mad because there was a nude picture in an art book .
Seriously ?
An art book ?
Art is what it is .
Art has had naked people in it for thousands of years .
Why should it start to offend people now when it didnt offend people then ?
People are just weird in this day in age i guess .
There are certain movies that should most definately be removed from the shelves of libraries , such as porn for example .
Porn should never , under no cercumstances be held in a library .
There are special places for porn such as the internet .
Music is a different story however .
Music should not be taken out of libraries because there are some people who can not affort to buy music for places like @LOCATION1 , iTunes or @CAPS3 .
Music has so many genres that its is impossible to make out what should and shouldnt be in the library , and there are so many different types of people that listen to different types of music in the @CAPS7 and it would be wrong to tell that certain group of people that their music is too heavy or too rappy for the library .
Listening to the music in the library is a different story however , you should definatly not be allowed to listen to your music in the library or at least not be allowed to have it loud enough for everyone else to hear it .
I dont read magazines but i know enough about them to know that they should and shouldnt be allowed into a library .
Magazines like ' @CAPS4 ' and ' @ORGANIZATION1 ' should definatly be allowed into a library because they are the hub of learning from magazines .
However there are magazines that should not be allowed into a library like ' @CAPS5 ' and other pornographic magazines as well as ones like ' @CAPS6 ' which are magazines that target young girls to make them think that they should look perfect like the models in the pictures .
Those are the types of magazines that make young girls dress skimpy and inapproprietly and make girls turn to throwing up to keep themselves skinny .
There are definatly some things that should be kept out of the libraries but one book , or one movie , or one genre of music , or one kind of magazine should not keep them all out .
One problem shouldnt make them all a problem .
Libraries are a place where people go to escape , similar to things like @CAPS7 of @CAPS8 and other videogames .
People should have the right to go to a labrary with the intent of getting something and they should be able to get what they came for .