What is @CAPS1 , @CAPS1 is whay made this country the who we are today !
There are manny ways people can exspress them self in todays world , and it just so happens the art of writing acting and art are a huge part to the way people exspress them self .
Because all of us are different and have our different veiws on the subjuct .
Im not going to preach to you about what is right and what is wrong .
im just going to share a few prior exspereances .
Now all of theas were from being in a libraries .
Some of them in smaller towns , others in the hart of a larger city .
There is evean a story of a man and wife , in the suburbs of a larger city .
It is also amazing to see what is exsepted in differeant parts of our country .
Well it all started when I was sitting at a small table in the back of the @LOCATION1 librarie .
It was a small groupe of friends and we were all working on our reaserch papers .
But we then saw a man and a woman , what I proseaved as husband and wife .
They were looking at the magazines on the shelf directly infront of us .
As he picked up a @CAPS2 @CAPS3 magazin she looked over to him and proclamed , that is so derogitory against woman .
So he put it down and walked out .
Wandering what was so bad about this magazin I walked over to the rack to see a woman standing in her underware with a classic car .
About a mounth later I was walking in my local librare droping off some books for my mom .
Instantly when opening the door I hear to people having a heated conversation about the painting they had hanging on the back wall , in the adult section .
Wich was of a woman with her chest exsposed , now mind you this was not a modern painting it was rather old , with the paint slowly pealing off .
Now that painting was there for manny years with out any one saying any thing and that was the argument made by the head librarean .
There were manny people standing in the area that this was taking place , and manny of them were not evean willing to hear what the woman had to say , because the painting turned out to be very famous and has been there since before some of the middle aged people in there could reamber .
As you can see there are manny differant veiws on what is exsepted in the modern time .
Advertizement is all over and manny magazines use peoples bodys to draw people to their add , so they can try to sell their product .
I belive there should be a line drawn when it comes to that kind of addvertzing .
They @MONTH1 have to come to a agreement that each magazine should say if it contains the kind of adult content like that .
if they were to make this a law they should have to put it right in the front cover so you know if you pic that magazine up , you are at risk of seeing things like that .
altho when it comes to a painting of times before the @DATE1 and people had grown up in that same area for years and have been seeing this painting since they were yong too , I do not think that painting should have been taken off the wall .
There is a fine line when it comes to the information being exseptible or not that is why I do belive there should be some kind of rating system whith the book and etc