Libraries are community centers .
Children and adults go to libraries to check out new books that could give them new experiences and information .
If libraries took out books because they were inappropriate or offensive , then young adults and adults would never recieve those new experiences .
Libraries require all sorts of books to make it a qualified library .
If libraries censor their books , then other materials might start vanishing as well .
Most young adults read about books that are about adventure , mystery , or love .
A person could find a mystery book with a serial killer for a main character offensive , but you can't rewrite the book for one person ; futhermore , take that book completely off the shelf .
That book is public property .
If the library took that mystery book off the shelf , then the library is taking away the experience of another young adult reading it .
One teenager's thoughts do not account for other teenagers ' thoughts .
Libraries that take away offensive or inappropriate books might influence other multi-billion dollar industries to second guess their work .
The movie industry , for example .
The movie industry might second guess the directors or actors/actresses they are hiring .
Actors and actresses have a large influence on many teenagers and children .
Imagine if a child's favorite actor disappeared from future movies ; that child would be left without a role model .
The affects of censoring books and magazines go way beyond the libraries .
Music artist might also be affected .
Rappers curse and swear in their music because it is how they voice their opinions and personal experiences .
For example , @ORGANIZATION1 , a famous rapper .
He curses in his music because it's how he shows his emotion in an event .
If music publishers wouldn't publish him because his work is offensive , then he would lose his job and career .
This is how people in today's society make their living ; by providing entertainment to other people .
Libraries have no right to take away any books from other children and adults .
Authors know what they are writing .
They write it because it shows emotions and feelings .
It is the same thing with music artists and screen-play writers .
If movies were all about unicorns the movie industry would fall apart quickly .
Libraries , as a whole , need to think about the bigger picture before they extinguish books , experiences , thoughts , and hard work