Throughout history there have been many books written at a time in history when their beliefs on certain things differed from what our world today believes .
Things that have changed as our world has changed are the views on slavery , womens rights , religion , and many other things .
These views are based on what most people of a time frame believed .
I feel that just because something someone wrote or said offends someone , does not give people the right to ban that book or quote from society as a whole .
They have the right to ban it from themselves , but it is up to each individual whether or not it is banned for everyone .
Our government gives us the right to have freedom of speech .
This shows that even though someone @MONTH1 write or speak out against the majority opinion , they can say whatever they want without being punished for it .
This means that people can not just ban something for what it might say or portray .
In my life explicit music seems to be something that some people are trying to ban .
My parents believe that I am at the right age that I should be allowed to listen to whatever type of music I want to .
I feel that public libraries can set age restrictions on items based off language , nudity , and other inappropriate things for children just as movie theaters do , but they do not have the right to ban books .
Even though there is an age restriction , as long as the guardian of the child direct says it is fine if his/her child @MONTH1 check out the book or the parent checks out the book for the child , then it is fine that that child gets that book .
The choice for what is appropriate for that each child should be left up to their parents .
If libraries had to ban books because someone said that a certain book or magazine was offensive , then a library would have very few to no books .
In almost all of books someone @MONTH1 be able to find something offensive to them or to someone else .
These books that offend people should be kept on the shelf so that people can understand how society's views on things were back in the time period that the book was written .
These items in libraries that are found offensive shows us what was wrong with society at that time and helps us learn from past mistakes in history and how to avoid them .
For example , in the play A @ORGANIZATION1 it shows how the society's view of women was .
It showed that they did not think highly of women and how there purpose in life were to raise the children and that was it .
They did not feel that they had the intellect to talk about science or anything like that .
This indirectly teaches us how we should not treat women today .
If libraries start to ban books , music , movies , magazines or other items then they are hiding things they do not want people to read .
Libraries should not be able to ban something because it is offensive , but they have the right to put age restrictions on certain things .
Authors and artists have freedom of speech to say whatever they want and libraries can not take that away from them