The libraries have to worrie about enough as it is with people not retuning books and stuff in .
They do not want to lose there books , music , movies , magazines just because some people find the offensive .
Why would we have to talk something out that offens one person but no one else has complainded about it being offensive .
I know that you are asking me to thank like you to be able to see why it is offensive but i dont see how a book is going to be offensive .
When someone finds something that looks offensive then they do not have to take .
There are people out there would would read something that is offensive to them so that they can lern from it .
There is no reason why if you dont like the libary that you can not go to a differnt one .
There is no reason for you to have to get so offensive of books because the authors is just trying to get their point accross and expressing their feeling on the subject .
The way that i look at it is that you have two oppions .
The frist being deal with it and go to the libary and get books .
The second is dont go to the library if your going to be able to find something offensive .
But know if you pick the second one then you must realize were ever you go you are going to find some thing the will make you feel offensive so your might as well just get over it and say yea i will go because its all around me .
yes i know what you must be thinking why if its not a big deal then why dont you just take them out .
Well you want an answer and i will give you one .
Those books mayne you don't want to read them .
But what if someone eles does its not fair to get reed of something just because afew people find it offensive know is it ?
There for i say that no we are not going to take books , music , movies , magazines and anything eles out of the libraries .
You will just have to deal with what you dont want in here its not like were going to make you read something that you take offensive to .
We will not going to get reed of the books , music , movies , magazines or anything else that we the library has .
That is why everything that is in the library is staying in the library