Dear @ORGANIZATION1 , @CAPS1 I was growing up in my small little neighborhood , life could not have been more simple .
For children , life is eating , sleeping , playing , and laughing .
Their innocent minds do not ponder the meanings of life or of love , but curiosity does grab every child now and then .
With a stubborn persistance , a child would probably go to the ends of the earth to understand what confidential information they overheard their parents talking about .
But @CAPS1 does harmless curiosity mean the destruction of a child's innocence ?
By viewing adult-oriented material , such as books at a library , children can gain premature knowledge that can be harmful to their development .
However , libraries should not fear stocking their shelves with books that are appropriate for adults because an author spend countless hours writing that book , that book represents a portion of history for the human race , and not everyone @MONTH1 find the contents inappropriate .
Authors have the freedom to write about whatever interests them , and taking away their right to display their thoughts and opinions is unjust .
A censored author must feel like a basketball player that did not make the cut despite hours of practice .
Thus , an author that has practiced and perfected his writing skill does so in hopes of publishing his work .
Not agreeing with someone's interest in a subject is no reason to exclude his valuable thoughts from society .
Books that are appropriate for adults deserve to be displayed for adults as the author intended .
Every piece of literature that has ever been written documents a portion of history of the human race .
Even fictional novels serve as monuments to the depths of man's imagination .
Therefore , no book should be censored , no matter how inappropriate the material is .
Just as remembering the @CAPS2 has influenced mankind not to repeat past mistakes , keeping books of the most horrible content @MONTH1 save authors from repeating such dishonorable content .
In other words , if censorship removes the 'mistakes ' of literature from library shelves , who is to say that an oblivious author will not repeat that 'mistake ' .
By remembering these mistakes , mankind will be able to move forward in literature .
@CAPS1 books are not 'mistakes ' , they serve as reminders of the high-points in literature .
All literature , appropriate and inappropriate , is a piece of mankind's history that should not be kept a secret .
Finally , who is to judge what is a 'mistake ' in literature ?
A book on @CAPS3 @MONTH1 be inappropriate in the eyes of a @CAPS4 , but that book @MONTH1 be sacred to a @CAPS5 .
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder .
Furthermore , for any given book there is at least one person who disagrees with its message .
A library is built for the education of the public , not for the interests of one person .
If one is offended by a literary work , perhaps he should just move on and find a book more suited to his interests .
The decision on the appropriateness of a novel is up to the reader , not the government or library or activist group .
Censorship of material in libraries would strip authors of their chance to let their works be seen by others , keep records of the human race secret , and take away the privelage of the reader to decide what is appropriate .
Authors endure long hours of practice and writing in order to have their thoughts read , and such a motive should not be taken away from them .
Every book represents some aspect of human life and records it for future generations to avoid previous mistakes .
And these 'mistakes ' are decided by the reader , a decision that censorship takes upon itself .
Instead of choosing what books are seen by the public , perhaps libraries should just create an adult-only section to house the 'controversial ' books ; as a result , mankind would stay educated and free , and children would remain innocent .
- @ORGANIZATION2