There are many different perspetives on censorship in our country .
This is the human race , opinionative that is .
Different perspectives come from different people : young , old , parents , and children .
In libraries there are some reading materials , that some @MONTH1 find offensive .
Offensive material in libraries is @CAPS1 directed to be read by young children .
They are also @CAPS1 inteded to be able to get there hands on such material .
Even though this is @CAPS1 the purpose of that material , it happens that this material ends up in the hands of someone who shouldn't have it .
No the material is @CAPS1 held under lock and key , but it is also @CAPS1 left to lay at a child high shelf that would seem appealing to them .
The problem with removing all of this material from libraries would result in empty shelfs , except for the children's books .
The material that would have to be removed are books meant for people of the appropriate age group to inform and tell good stories .
If we protected children from censhorship this would deny knowledge , and also a get away for some , from the general public that anually go to the library.\ @CAPS1 all movies , books , music , and other materials are labeled as they should be .
Some material @MONTH1 @CAPS1 be appropriate for children , but they also are @CAPS1 all inappropriate .
A rated ' @NUM1 ' movie @MONTH1 be just like a rated ' @CAPS2 ' movie only with one extra reference , that @MONTH1 be taken in the wrong way .
Even protective parents @MONTH1 allow their children to view movies like this as long as they find it appropriate .
Libraries should @CAPS1 remove this material from their shelves .
If it is that much of an issue , then they could have the children books in a seperate room of the library .
There are many possibilities of keeping this kind of reading material away from children .
All of which do @CAPS1 have the need of removing these books and other materials from the libraries ' shelves .
Censorship in libraries is a contraversial subject .
There is a very good arguement on either side of whether or @CAPS1 to take offensive material off of shelves in the libraries .
I believe it should @CAPS1 be taken off and there are alternatives to this .
This essay proposed solutions to this problem without taking the public reading right away from everyone