Have you ever been in that situation where you couldn't read a book because of someone else having bitter feelings towards it ?
Are you furious when you finally get a chance to read that book you 've been waiting on for two months and all of a sudden it's not to your avalible because of its content ?
I know I always amd because at @ORGANIZATION1 this happens quite often .
I believe that a book shouldn't be removed because only one person found it to be offense .
Sure some novels @MONTH1 expose a few word of profanity or discrimination but everyone has to deal with it .
So why take one book off the shelf for saying something vaulger because not everyone might dislike the book .
If we took a book off the shelf everytime someone reported a bad word or a discrimitive remark then we would be left with no books including the ones that tell us a great deal about past history .
Some authors , movie directors and artist rely on history to help them create a great piece of reading , comentary , or lyrics .
If the libraries in the public and in schools censored everything there could be a @ORGANIZATION1 risk of loosing alot of historic and epic material or information from the past .
As im sure you know alot of history books about the holucaust , slavery , and the civil rights movement include words that people of certain genders or races @MONTH1 find offensive .
These words are a vital source in the attempt to explain what the people in those situations are going through ; therefore those words shouldn't be reported for histories sake .
I know im not alone in my fight to keep books on the shelf because an author named Katherine Paterson says , ' ...
If i have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same righ and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us ' ( Paterson ) .
In this quote she is trying to say if people abuse this policy there will be no books left on the shelf for anyone to read becasue someone found something offensive to them .
This is what will eventually happening if we don't censor the @CAPS1 in the libraries .
Now don't mistake me for someone who believes that @CAPS1 should be dropped all together becasue I believe it is needed in some cases .
If there is a song that use profanity multiple times without any logical reasoning then it shouldn't be availible to the public through a library .
Also if there are inappropriate movies I don't think that they should be distributed by the library to the public becasue thats what movies rental stores are for .
On the other hand I haven't found a single book that isn't suitable for the library ; so why are there so many books being takin away every year due to what some people call ' @CAPS1 ' also known as self opinions ?
In this writing my goal was accomplished ; I wanted to let everyone know that the whole @CAPS1 thing is getting a little out of hand .
We all know that there is some offensive things that @MONTH1 be happening but they are things that everyone who views that book , movie , or soundtrack has to deal with .
With some offensive things comes a reasoning like in history books and movies that @MONTH1 contain a few bad words but are used to get a point or setting across .
I know that @CAPS1 is just another way of looking out for the better of humans but alot of it has a reason .
The only case where @CAPS1 should be used is in innapropriate movies and songs with no hisrtoric purpose .
With all that has been said , do you still believe in all of the @CAPS1 going on in your nearby library ?
How can you help prevent the destruction of all of the historic words in libraries ?