Everyone in the world has different opinions .
Some people care about things that other people don't care about at all .
One topic that seems to get everyone going is censorship .
Everyone has an opinion on it ; and not everyone agrees with eachother .
All libraries have different sections based upon age .
There are childrens sections , teens sections , and adult sections .
I think censorship has a lot to do with maturity levels .
Things in books and movies that aren't appropriate for children , shouldn't be put in the children section .
I understand parents ' don't want their children reading or watching abscene material ; but as kids are growing up , they 're going to learn about the innapropriate things sooner or later in school .
I don't think anything should be taken off of a shelf just because a handful of parents find the material offensive .
I don't take censorship very seriously .
Some parents want their children reading books with innapropriate material so they can learn about what goes on in the world and what life is like .
Most children and some teens don't know what the world is like because they don't get out much .
They don't learn things that they should know already .
Reading is a way of learning .
When someone wants to know more information about any place or anything , they go to the library and check out a book .
For a school project or just for fun .
Most parents agree that nothing innappropriate should be in a childrens ' section at a library .
Just because they 're young and parents don't want their kids going around at the age of @NUM1 cussing like a sailor .
But I think that teens are mature enough to read or watch innappropriate material like a book with cussing or a movie with kissing scenes .
Parents shouldn't have a say on what goes on or off the shelves in a library .
They should just mind their own business .
If their kid picks out a book that they think is too offensive for them to read , then they can just simply tell them that they can not get the book .
It's as simple as that .
Parents who ask for books to get taken off the shelf are just asking for too much .
Censorship in libraries is not a big deal to me .
I think kids should be able to read a book that they want to read .
At least they 're wanting to read .
Let them read for @PERSON1's sake .
But like I said , everyone has their own opinions .