In the library I have noticed that there are a few literature materials that are not suitable for a younger age group .
Such as rated @CAPS1 movies that contain things like drug use , sexual content , and extreme violence .
Not all libraries have movies , and the ones that do don't let anyone under the age of @NUM1 rent out a rated @CAPS1 movie .
Another example would be magazines that have articles/advertisments and pictures that are more towards the sexual side .
This is a problem with children because then they think that that's how they should look and act , when they are older .
Most libraries are divided up into different sections , there is a section for adults , teens , and children .
The sections were created for a reason to show/tell people that some materials in this section @MONTH1 not be suitable for teens and children .
Then if your in a childrens section you know that not many over the age of @NUM2 will be wanting to look around for books .
In the childrens section a library normally makes it look bright and colorful which most children love .
This helps the children stay there and not wonder off into one of the adult or teen sections .
When I was younger I didn't really care to go into the adult or teen sections cause I enjoyed reading 'The @CAPS3 in the @CAPS4 ' , ' @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 ' , and many other children books there .
Children have a lot of things to satisfy them at the library there's children movies/shows like ' @CAPS9 @PERSON1 ' .
They also have an unlimited amout of books that can keep them entertained .
If movies and books don't work for them then there are also a few toys they can play with ( at least the libraries I 've been to have toys ) .
The only real big problem with having things unapropriate in the library is that the younger teens might wander into the adult section , and sometimes there are adult things in the young adult section .
Again with the movies , there are tv shows that I 've seen at the library that are about teens doing drugs going to parties and getting drunk .
Things like that I think put a bad influence on younger teens .
Making them think it's okay to do drugs and drink , that it will make them more popular and cool .
Over all I think that libraries just need to reorganize there books , movies , and magazines .
Then all the right items will be put in the right sections and there will be no accidents where someone accidently picks up something that is inapropitate for their age group .
The music in the library I don't think is much of a problem .
To me music is something more to express your feelings .
This is my view on censorship in libraries