I firmly believe that the removing of books , music , movies , ect.
, from a shelf just because someone finds it offensive will not solve the problem .
A person can find many things in life offensive to their personal views , but they can not just remove them .
To remove books , music , movies , ect.
, from people who do not find them offensive could provoke chaos .
As Katherine Paterson stated 'And then we have no books left . '
If everyone were to choose books , music , movies , ect.
, they felt were offensive and should not be placed in the library the statement would probably be true .
Besides the point the library is sectioned off into different genres , so if you have a different view of a certain genre of books , movies , music , etc.
, skip over that section and go to the genre in which you prefer .
In other words , the things that @MONTH1 offend one person @MONTH1 not offend another person .
So to remove one particular thing would be unreasonable for the person who likes or finds interest in a particular subject .
So instead of there being a problem with one person there would a problem with two unsatisfied people .
Not saying that it is right , but the library has done particular things such as , separating the books for reasons like this .
According to Katherine Paterson , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '
The library has a section for children only .
Therefore worries of problem like this have already been solved .
The books , music , movies , ect.
, in the childrens section is age apprioate for a child .
Books , music , movies , ect.
, are also sectioned off for teenagers and adults .
In conclusion , the removal of books , music , movies , ect.
, that are found offensive by others @MONTH1 not be found offensive by someone else .
It is not like the library would purposely offend anyone by having the books , music , movies , ect.
, on the shelfs .
If you are mature enough to understand that and over look something that @MONTH1 offend you , you would not be so offended .
Also if the library is sectioned off into different genre , you can easly by pass a particular genre you wish to avoid .
Problems can be easily solved if they are dealt with in the correct manner .