Keep it on the Shelf !
What types of things do you go to the library for ?
Some go for books and others go just to relax in a quiet environment .
Yes , the library is mostly used for books and studying , but there are many other things that libraries contain .
Movies , magazines , music , etc.
, are all found in a library .
Now , say you had to listen to a specific song , read a certain book , or review an article in a certain magazine , and you can't find it at the library because they have been removed because they are found to be offensive .
All people have different views on what is and isn't offensive .
Everything like books , music , magazines , and movies should all have their place in a library , regaurdless of the material .
Books can be used for many things .
Some read just for the enjoyment and others read because it is assigned to them or they need to research some things .
Books give information and knowledge that some people need desperately .
What if you can't find that book because someone said that its material is inappropiate ?
What are you supposed to do about your research paper now ?
If a book is needed it should be able to be found on the shelf in a library and not be taken out because of the content of its pages .
Music is a great way to clear your mind and relax .
Some music found in libraries can be somewhat offensive to some people .
What if the only place you can find your favorite music is at your public library ?
You walk in and they no longer have it because it is considered to be offensive .
Now you can no longer listen to the sounds that calm you down or modivate you to get your day started .
Music should remain in libraries because of the cultural and educational sounds that most can not find at their local music store .
Magazines are another great form of reading material found in a library .
Magazines are a great way to stay up to date with the latest fashions and great dessert receipes .
Without magazines our world wouldn't be able to keep up with the things that advance in our world everyday .
Magazines show us the hottest trends , the gossip in the celebrity world , and some great facts from educational magazines .
Without the magizines in the library we probably wouldn't know anything about our advancing world .
You can find movies anywhere , but some believe that you can only find the really good and old movies at the library .
The library has educational movies for children that @MONTH1 not be available anywhere else .
They also have old classic movies that aren't even around anymore .
The library has many movies that you wouldn't be able to find in our advanced world today .
Libraries hold a lot of important books , movies , music , and magazines .
Without out most of that , regaurdless of the material , we probably wouldn't know as much as we know today .
The library has always been a place where you go to find exactly what you want and you know that they will have it .
Removing these things from the shelves can be taking some history right out of our lives .
All of theses resources should stay on the shelves regaurdless of their material .