Can literature , which is the basis of civilization , be censored ?
Can you take these ideas away from those who wish to think them ?
I think not , for it would be a futile endeavor to even attempt .
To keep something as important as written word away from the culture of the people , would be one of the highest crimes against humanity and could not rightly be condoned , in my mind .
Not only would this attempt be a futile ( for the people know ways to extract information ) it would be downright idiotic of the 'administration ' to do so .
I will concede that there are explicit materials out there that are not suitable for children or even adolescents , but that is where the parent should step in by setting guidelines and positive examples which their children feel the need to follow .
Not feel that they 'have ' to , but feel that they 'need ' to .
If parents can not take control and decide what is appropriate for their children , then in my mind , they are not doing their first and foremost job as a parent that is to protect the child .
Some @MONTH1 say that the censorship of culture is protecting the children , but I say that this is not so .
I believe censorship is a lousy excuse so that parents and upper government officials have to do less work .
If every piece of written , filmed , or recorded work , that was offensve only one person , was thrown out on that basis , there would be none .
There has never been a piece of literature , film , or music that has not offended someone in some way , whether it be spiritually , ethnically , or morally .
The fact is that people can not exist without strife and misery , and whatever people can do to cause that strife and misery , they will .
People find all sorts of ways to do it , whether it be war , discrimination , media , or just downright obstinance , they will find a way to offend their selected party .
I personally am appalled at the aspect of censorship , for if a person can not speak his mind , then is he more than a mindless homunculi ?
Created and controlled by the government surrounding him .
Made their slave through ignorance .
If in a society I can not say what I need to say then I do not wish to live in that society , for it is nothing but a horrible image of civilization .
In short I do not believe that libraries should be censored , rather that parents should pay more attention to their children and dependents .
If a person is offended by a certain thing , then it is their absolute right to not take part in whatever it @MONTH1 be , but these afflicted peoples have absolutely NO right to say what I @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not read !
If this offends anyone , then I apologize , but at least you knew enough ( through your education by media ) to be offended and not just another mindless sheep