Do you think that some materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be taken off of shelves if they are found offensive to people ?
This is a question that all of us have thought about at one point or another .
For some , it just depends on your age , your beliefs , and if you actually know if it is offensive in the first place .
In my opinion , I think that the offensive materials should be taken off the shelves .
First of all , I think a lot of it depends on your age .
For , example , most older people think that most of the material made today is just crazy and do not want anyhting to do with them .
Although , for the younger people , thet is what is new and 'cool ' to do .
I do not believe that anything bad or offensive should be shown to any little kids .
We want to keep it away from them so that in the future , they know not to use it .
In my own experience , my parents kept me away from all of the bad stuff for the most part .
I think it has affected me a lot today on who I am today .
Next , I think for some people , it depends on their beleifs .
A big thing with this is race and culture .
I often find books , movies , or magazines offending another race .
This the the thing that I find most disturbing about some materials .
Anything offending another race or culture should be taken off the shelves immediately in my opinion .
There are countless numbers of these materials just theat I have seen and I am sure that there are many more .
It @MONTH1 be impossible to ever get every single one of these off the shelves .
Lastly , I think that a lot of people do not know that what they are going to read , watch , or listen to , is going to end up being offensive .
I have seen a countless number of movies and listen to a countless number of songs that were offensive .
The sad thing is , I did not know it before I did it .
A lot of people just go into their material as blind as a bat , as far as knowing if it is offensive goes .
I think that if the material is not taken off of the shelves , then it should at least be marked as offensive .
All in all , I think that the material should just simply be taken off of the shelves .
We have gotten to the point where there is so much out there that it is nearly impossible to do .
Even though there are factors like age , beliefs , and knowing what you are going into , I think these materials are just bad for everyone .
In my opinion , offensive materials should be taken off of the shelves