Have you ever came across offensive material inside a library ?
Well some people have and they think there should be some type of censorship in libraires to protect the offended people .
I do not agree with this idea because people should have the right to express their self through art , literature , and even music .
After all the freedom of speech is written in our rights .
Many authors , artist and musicans have the freedom to express themselves through their work .
If they saw their own work in a library being censored it would be very offensive to them .
I understand that the artist's material could be offensive to certain people but it is their work , a form of self expression .
They do not publish their work to offend people , they do it for themselves and for other people to enjoy it .
An artist's work is a part of who they are .
A censor would just put a negative aspect to the art and literature of the library .
Over many years most libraries have devloped and arranged their media into a system called @CAPS1 @CAPS2 .
This system seperates all books , magazines , music , and movies into their own genres .
For instince if you are looking for a mystery book , you would find it in the non fiction section .
This system helps people find exactly what they are looking for .
If people are offended by a certain genre they do not have to come in contact with it .
This system is a better way to find exactly what you want instead of coming across a book or movie that you would find offensive .
Almost every library uses this system so they do not have to use a censor .
Everywhere we go someone somewhere is going to find something offensive .
It is basically part of our human nature .
It is truly impossible to make every single person happy with everything in the world .
In a library there will always be a book that someone disagrees with or someone will find it offensive .
The author of that book and other people who enjoyed it do not need to be punished by having the book taken off the shelves .
Just because the book offends one person does not mean it has to be taken off the shelf or have a censor .
If everytime that happend there would be no books left to read in our libraries .
Most people would not even call that a library .
In the end a book is a book , music is music and we are not going to create censors or take books of the shelves because it is offensive to people .
Authors write what they want to write , musicans play what they want to play , and actors act how they want to act .
After everything it does not matter what is offensive to people , they will just have to deal with it .
There is no reason for a censor in a library