'Everyone has @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' @CAPS3 is true that everyone has their own @CAPS2 and their likes and dislikes .
For example , books .
I do not like books that are about illegal substances , but I do believe removing certain materials that are offensive should not be removed from the shelves in the library .
@CAPS3 is true that finding inappropriate book or an article @MONTH1 be disturbing to certain people , but @CAPS3 does not mean that everyone finds @CAPS3 offenive .
Once , my @CAPS4 class was assigned to do a book project .
The main pourpose was to find a non-fiction book and create a powerpoint presentation on the main ideas of that book .
One of the classmate read and had a breif presentaion over a book that was about illegal drugs .
I know in fact that not many people are offended by the words such as 'drugs ' or 'alchol ' , but I find these words to be obnoxious .
While I found @CAPS3 disturbing and uncomfortable , others found @CAPS3 interesting .
@CAPS3 was a topic that drew their attention , but not very appealing to me .
Another example would be the time I went to the library to write a research paper about the human body systems .
My friend , @LOCATION1 , found @CAPS3 disturbing to look at some pictures because @CAPS3 showed blood .
Strangly , I never thought blood as anything disturbing .
While @PERSON1 found @CAPS3 disgusting to look at , my head was in the book because @CAPS3 was fascinating .
I always thought how the human body works is incredible .
What @PERSON1 did was instead of trying to deal with the picture , she wondered off and tried to find another book that does not have any grotesque pictures .
The book did not have any benefit to @LOCATION1 , but because of that book , I received an ' A ' on the research paper .
I believe @CAPS3 is important that people accept the fact that everyone does not have the same opinion .
Every individual is different in their own way .
As I mentioned before , the book that was disturbing to me was interesting to others and vice versa .
That is normal and there is nothing we can do to change about @CAPS3 .
If permission were given to remove any certain materials that is offensive to each and every person , I guarentee that there would not be any material left on the shelves .
I think the best way to solve this problem is for he/she to ignore the book that seems to be offensive and look for different material because others might need the resource