I believe that if something or someone offends you , you have the right to take a stand .
You shouldn't have to deal with it .
If something is offensive in your library , it has no right to be there .
A library is supposed to be a helpfull place .
Who would want to sit back and watch a raciest movie ?
Who would want to have a little kid watching something sexual in a movie ?
Magazines can even develope a lot of problems .
Muisc can be straight offensive .
If a young adult or a child reads or watches a movie that is raciest , it teaches them bad things .
Racism is a very hurtful thing .
What you see or read can really have an affect on you .
You @MONTH1 not realise that it is wrong .
It could have you saying hurtful things to a differant race .
If a person isn't raciest and they see something that is , it could offend them .
They @MONTH1 feel like they 'cool ' .
They go out and say raciest things .
It makes them feel good .
Later on they feel guilty .
All because of a movie or book .
If a movie is making fun of your race , it hurts .
Being made fun of hurts .
It is technicly bullying .
Bullying can lead to suicide .
Who cares if someone is black or white ?
We are all the same deep down inside .
Movies like this should be banned from public libraries .
Movies today can have pretty much anything they want in them .
Sex , drugs , cursing , etc .
Kids can get by with watching them without anyone saying anything .
The librarian just swipes your card , then you have the movie.They @MONTH1 not know right from wrong .
If they see someone doing drugs or having sex , they might think that it is cool .
They @MONTH1 go out and do it .
We do not need movies like this in our public library .
We should make it a lot harder for kids to try to get movies like this .
These moives can also offend us .
Make us feel uncool .
Make us feel like we have to go out and try it .
In magizines today , they make everyone look so perfect .
These people can offend you .
Young teenage girls or even boys are the ones mostly looking at magizines .
If you see @PERSON1 in a magizine , you begin to want to look like her .
You see how skinny she is .
She is tan .
She has perfect skin .
Its normal for someone to be jeleous .
We are only human .
Sometimes these images get to us .
We @MONTH1 starve ourselves to try to be skinny .
That can be very dangerous to your health .
These girls knock our confidence down .
Into today's society , people stive for popularity .
They want to look perfect .
They want all the guys to stair .
We use the girls in the magizine to helps us know what we want to look like .
You should love who you are and what you look like .
You are unique .
No one has to be skinny to be pretty .
Magizines can be offensive .
In today's society music is horrible .
Rap , country , or rock music .
Some of the lyrics can really offend people .
The words get in your head everytime you hear the song .
If you really take the time to look up lyrics to a song , you will realise that they will let you say anything .
I can't name how many songs I know , just beeing a teenager , that make fun of something .
For example , there is a song by the band @ORGANIZATION1 .
It is called ' I must be emo ' .
It makes fun of people who are unique in their own way .
Some lines from the song are , ' @CAPS1 I get depressed , I cut my wrists in every direction ' .
How can you make fun of someone who does self harm .
Depression and self harm are a big thing in today's society .
Their is nothing funny about it .
If someone who hurts themselves hears this , think of what could happen .
It would really offend them !
They could go and cut theirselves even more .
They could try suicide .
In the song it also makes fun of gay people .
It makes fun of the way 'emo ' people look .
'
I look like I am dead and dress like a homo ' , is another line from the song .
I don't know about you but to me that would be terribly offensive !
We need to get these types of songs out of our libraries .
We should have a say to what is in our public library .
The library is ment to be a good place .
Anyone can go their .
We are all unique in our own ways .
If something is offensive to you , you have the right to stand up for yourself .
We need to make offensive books , movies , magazines , etc.
, harder to get a hold of .