With the world having a wide variation of cultures , languages , beliefs , and races , there is no doubt that different subjects will be offensive to some and not to others .
Books , songs , magazines , and movies all have purposes as to why they were created .
This @MONTH1 be to entertain , inform , or persuade .
People use libraries as a source to see these works .
Many people use libraries every day to research or simply to gain knowledge for fun .
My opinion is that any type of material , no matter what it contains , should be able to be found on a library shelf .
A library is a place where one should be able to find a book , cd , video , or magazine or any subject that interests them .
If our libraries took out every item that was offensive to someone , there would simply be no library .
Any item you read or listen to will have a word , sentence , or meaning that will offend a person in some way .
This is because many of the items you will find will be in some way biased .
The way an author tries to entertain @MONTH1 offend you if they use a certain language with a certain tone .
Persuasion is also biased towards one side and you @MONTH1 not agree with the side the author chooses .
The same goes with informing .
You @MONTH1 think the author needed to address a certain point more than he or she did .
All of these purposes of writing will be offensive to someone .
I once was in a library and read a magazine talking bad about teenage drivers .
The article was obviously biased and did not have any teen sources to prove that not all teen drivers are bad .
This article deeply offended me , but I am glad I read it and saw a different point of view .
Not everyone wants to see the different points to a story , but if you happen to run across one of these items that offend you , you can simply put it back down on the shelf .
You are not required to read or listen to any item that you do not want to see or hear .
However , there is going to be someone who needs to use that item for personal knowledge or for research .
This is why all items need to be available to the public .
If someone does find an item offensive though , they should be able to request that a label be put on the item to further warn other readers .
Likewise , if there is an item rated ' @CAPS1 ' there needs to be an age limit set to protect our young readers and listeners .
With these changes set , our libraries could make everyone happy .
With libraries being found in most communities , there is going to be discussion on the contents of the items they carry .
While you @MONTH1 like a book , I @MONTH1 find it offensive .
Even though I @MONTH1 have a problem with an item , it still needs to be able to be accessed by all people .
The point of a library is to carry items which will benefit the public .
It is the right of any human to be able to go to a library and be able to read about any subject he or she wants .
Any item , whether biased or not , should be able to be found on the shelves of a library .
Those who do not agree with or want to read an item should simply stay away from that section and choose a different item which interests him .
We need to be able to go to a library and find what we need or want to see or hear .
This is how a library serves a community