As a place used to gain knowledge and wisdom , a library is a wonderful resource .
Multiple variaties of books may be found at a local library from documantaries to science-fictoin or just fiction .
The most amazing part of a library is the fact that one may choose what he or she reads .
Yet if one man opposses the view in one book and believes a certain book should be removed from the library , then the freedom of choice is lost .
The selection of reading should be open to every reader , and although some may disagree , heavy censorship of libraries is an unnecessary meassure that constricts the ability to gain knowlegde .
In today's society , many people differ in taste or genre .
So much so , that at times it is hard to find a common ground in a large group setting .
The library is a place where people may be able to enjoy their diferences , reading different types of books spread across many shelves .
Yet if one person dilikes a book , their opinion should not influence the removal of the book due to their preference .
Author Katherine Paterson made a wise remark on the idea of censorship saying , 'If I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books ' ( no pag . )
.
If one person finds a work to be vulgar and believes it shuld be removed from the library , then what stops another person from removing a book that they dislike ?
If heavy censorship is allowed in libraries , then libraries will become diminished resources , only containing a few documents .
Still , censoring age specific materials is necessary in libraries .
Allowing a child to read or watch a movie or book that is inapropriate , is an inexscusable action .
Censoring books for children does not mean removal of said book though .
Removing a book from the shelf of a library is just as wrong as allowing a child to read a book that is too mature for his or her age .
Katherine Paterson stated , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none osf our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But ... then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us .
'
( no pag . )
.
The censoring of books in a library can not lead to the removal of books that have shaped our society and ideas , even if it is to protect a child .
A medium must be found between true censorship and opinionated removal of books , due to one's belifes .
Doing so will not only help libraries but also society .
There are many different opinions in modern society and due to the differences in beliefs and ideas , at times people will disagree .
Yet it is important that poeple agree on allowing each other to have a choice .
A very important choice that each individual makes on a daily basis is what to read .
Libraries allow for people to make their choices and help to expand one's knowledge in the process .
Literature , whether it is found in a library or at one's home should never be cast out due to someone else's opinion .
Censoring of libraris should be considered , but not at the exspence of knowledge .
Libraries should not be censored .