In the @LOCATION1 @DATE1 , there consists of many libraries that are available to the public with an interminable amount of information .
All of this information gives us many opportunities in life to discover new courses and paths to take .
Byt what if some of this information has a bad influence in our world ?
What if some of this information changed the persective of peoples ' lives , and who people are ?
Libraries do contain offensive and provokative books , movies , and other things that can possibly be hurtful to the behavior standpoint of all human beings .
Censorship in libraries should be established and set because the people in the @LOCATION1 come from many different places making the @LOCATION1 very diverse .
One thing in a book @MONTH1 not be offensive to one individual although it could be for someone else .
Magazines , movies , books , etc .
should be examined and determined whether it is appropriate for people at certain @CAPS1 whether by building a child section for books and movies and such , or having knowledgable assistance to help what people are looking for .
Sections in libraries organizes the library providing and easier access to where things are located .
In libraries , there are search engines to help people find information in a particular location .
The benefit of having sections divided depending on people's @CAPS1 is that it seperates the mature section from the immature section appose to having both in one .
Children normally have a seperate section for children books while older and more mature adults or teenagers have a section to gather their important information from .
An example of a bad situation would be if their was a book located in the childrens section that spoke about drugs and alcohol .
The children that scrutinized that book would be confused because they do not understand what drugs and alcohol are .
They could learn bad things about it and children tend to think they are invisible drawing them to try anything or everything that could possibly be life-taking .
This is common sense .
Sections in libraries do help establish a sense of organization , although personal assistance would be helpful as well .
Personal assistance and help on finding information in libraries is very helpful although they must be mature , understand , and know that their are books in libraries that could be about offensive material .
Asssistance can help us determine if the person that is looking for information about something and there is inappropriate stuff inside the book , the assistant can let the person know about it .
Because there is an interminable amount of information , I believe that there will be books left on the shelf for many people to learn about .
Everytime I visit a library , there are always books on the shelves , and when I ask for assistance , they help me find what I am looking for .
They warn me about offensive or provokative imagery and such and help me with upmost respect .
Assistance can help prevent any sort of confusion with books , movies , etc .
Assistants are ready to help people find what they are looking for and warn the people and are knowledgable about the offensive things that are in each book , movie , etc .
Personally , I believe that freedom of speech comes into play in libraries .
Writers and authors write about information that is fact or also opinion , and typically people learn about subjects that people enjoy or want to discover .
Censorship in libraries is necessary to let people know about it , although assistance do not have the right to not let anyone read a particular book because it is inappropriate or provokative .
Everyone in the @LOCATION1 has the right to read whatevery they please .
Some measures must take place for example towards minors because otherwise it could lead to issues or disasters , but there should not be a law that prohibits a child from reading something .
There is no such thing as a book that should be thrown out because every word that comes out out of peoples ' mouthes are useful no matter how rediculous it is .
Even if it is the most rediculous thing you ever heard , that particular person that said something made you think about it and that thought process helped you make a decision in your life that was next to come .
This would be more on opinion based writing .
In factual righting , it is something that remains in peoples ' heads and is saved into the brain like a word document .
This document that is saved can be changed and saved again even if the knowledge is offensive .
Offensive factual information is hurtful to some although it is fact meaning it happened or is true.This brings me to my persepective on the matter that I think there should be a sense of censorship within reason although everyone has the right to read whatever they please because there is a never ending amount of information in the world and that information , including opinion , would make the shelves be empty from books