What would you say if your library was censored ?
Would you believe it would be right to have a censorship at the library ?
Well I am here to explain my belief's on censorship in the library .
My opinion is that there should be some items being censored , but we dont want to punish everybody just by taking the books off of the shelf completely .
If i was an adult I would not want my child renting very graphic books , magazines , etc .
but i wouldn't want to block his whole life .
There can be different censorship on individual people too .
An idea is to have a parent come in to decide what type of censorship you can put on a child by putting this on his or her library card .
The censorship would be a great way to help parents watch what their children are reading and watching .
A good suggestion for this is what i just brought up , a personal censorship .
This would keep the child from reading too graphic of novels for their age and it would not offense the parents .
Also for the rated x magazines , movies , etc .
i believe they shouldn't be took off the shelf and just moved to a different area that is secluded .
This can be offensive to parents when they bring their children in , so move it to a place where children can not have access to this area .
The censorship on books can also be completely outrageous too .
Alot of books have graphic parts in them but yet are also a great read and can have great morals to learn .
Graphic parts of the books are like the graphic parts of our lives , it's going to happen no matter what and we can't get away from it .
Let the child , teenager , or whoever it is read the book if they are mature enough to read this and don't take it off the shelf .
Just because it is offensive to some , others want to read the book too .
You @MONTH1 please some with this idea but you will also anger others with this action .
Another point to get across is the library is also censored a little bit too .
The libraries are organized into section by categories of books .
Some books are categorized by the age level they are intended for .
Once you get into the actual novels it isnt much like this but for younger ages this is the case , which people can see it work as a censor in ways .
When you become to the higher reading level , you are most likely going to be old and mature enough to pick what you think is right to read and what is not .
With all this being said , there really doesnt need much censorship in libraries .
Unless you have the personal censorship on the younger ones .
There is no need to punish the ones that did absolutely nothing wrong to the community and to others when all they want to do is to simply check out items at the library