Everywhere a person goes , there is always a media source .
Media can range from newspapers , to magazines , to the radio , and through the television .
Media is used to inform citizens of occuring events and to provide entertainment .
Many media materials contain photos , langauge , and etc .
that can be considered offensive to citizens .
Media materials should not be taken off the shelf if they are found offensive .
In the @ORGANIZATION1 , citizens have the freedom of speech .
With censorship , authors , directors , singers and other producers are deprived of this right .
If the government enforces the censorship law , people can not say what they want to or how they truly feel about a subject .
Also with censorship , citizens are neglected of their right to watch and listen to what they choose to .
Not everyone has the same opinion about what should and should not be blocked out of everyday media materials .
Parents and certain groups have a huge effect on the production of censorship .
Parents and these groups complain that books , television , and other media materials are offensive and otherwise 'harmful ' to their child , and that they should be removed from the media sources .
I believe that if a parent has a concern with what his/her child is viewing , then they should take matters into their own hands by not letting the child view this material instead of having it censored so the rest of the people can not watch it .
Parents and certain groups should not have the rest of the world be neglected of their choice to view these certain programs and read certain things .
Censorship can include anything from photos , to language , to news reports .
People who believe that offensive material should be blocked out for young viewers and other people do not understand that at some point in a person's life they will encounter these materials .
Sometimes , in order to understand a major world event , such as the death of @LOCATION2 , have to understand the violence and forces that were used .
If this material is taken offensively , no citizen will truly understand the real story and background of world-wide events .
Censorship effects everyone , from a small child to a grown adult .
It can deprive people of certain knowledge and understanding of certain concepts .
Censorship should not be allowed in the @LOCATION1 and other areas of the world due to the lack of a citizen's freedom of speech and the rights that we as citizens hold