Should a library be able to remove a book or a movie from its shelves if someone happens to find it offensive ?
I believe that the answer to that question should be no , because everyone in the world could find something in a library that could be considered obscene or offensice .
However , if a library decides to remove every piece of literature or art in its possession that someone finds offensive , the walls and shelves of its core would be bare .
I 'm sure you have seen and heard many people who have been offended by silly things such as children's novels , pictures in magazines , and song lyrics .
I know I have seen people who have become livid because of how offeneded a piece of literature or art has made them .
But with seeing such reactions , I 've come to the conclusion that what someone @MONTH1 find offensive , another person could find beautiful .
For example , paintings of nude men and women are looked at as wrong and disturbing by some and are also seen as masterpieces by others .
Everyone has their own opinions about things but it's not the library's job to worry about which opinions are wrong or right .
There is really no way to avoid offending someone without completely clearing the walls and shelves of a library .
Simply anything could be seen as offensive to anyone .
I know that I 've personally found some books on the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 to be disturbing because of how graffic they are .
However , that doesn't mean other people shouldn't be able to read something a young woman found offensive .
Offensive pieces of literature and art are often the best kinds because they evoke emotions in people , although maybe not the intened emotions , and make people think .
You learn a lot when you 're looking at something that has put strong emotions into you .
With everthing going on in our society and culure today , in the @LOCATION1 and around the world , someone is bound to be offened everyday by something .
Religious groups @MONTH1 be offened by the way a cover of a book is drawn or the pictures in a teen magazine and politcal leaders @MONTH1 be offended by what journalists are writing about them .
You see , there is simply no way to avoid offending people .
To me , it's truly surprising that libraries are still worrying about censorship when television shows are showing sex , drugs , and violence .
People are obviously getting offened by what television shows are airing but , see , that's just it .
The television shows are still being aired .
Offensive or not , people are still watching , just as people are still reading books , looking at pictures , listening to music , that someone , at some point , has found offenseive .
If a library decides to take out every offensive piece of literature and art what would be left ?
My friends , the answer is nothing .
A beautiful creation to you @MONTH1 bring back horrific memories to someone else but that doesn't make it a bad creation .
A novel that makes your stomach turn in knots @MONTH1 teach you more than you 've ever learned before in your whole entire life .
I hope people realize that just because something is offensive to someone doesn't make it wrong .
Just because someone decided that they thought a piece of literature or art was not what they wanted to see or read doesn't give them the right to deprive someone else of the chance to read or see it .
As you can clearly see , libraries shouldn't waste their time on censorship , because no matter how hard you try , someone will find something that bothers them .