As a teenager I am trying to grow and find my way in life and find ways to express myself .
I do not believe that certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines ect .. should be censored in libraries .
Everyone has their own opinion on things such as the music we listen to or the books we read .
I do believe that younger children like middle schoolers/preschoolers should be censored from violent songs and movies , but for highschoolers and older I think that it should be our choice .
I think that if the libraries really believe that a book or magazine is truely offensice they shouldn't allow them to be published .
Not everyone is going to like every book or every type of music that is out there .
We should be able to get the books that we like from libraries .
Like Katherine Paterson said ' And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
If libraries are able to remove books music ect .. because they believe they are offensive there would be no books left for us to read or songs for us to listen to.I believe that highschoolers and older should be able do decide for themselves what kind of books they read or music they listen to .
If you dont like a certain type of music dont listen to it , if you dont like the way a book is written , dont read it .
No one is making you to read or listen to something that you dont want to .
Books that @MONTH1 be offensive to some @MONTH1 be eye oppening to another .
In books we learn about war and things that I fing gruesome and unnessisary , but sometimes it is a fact of life and the things we might find offensive in books are usually things that are happening in real life.I do believe that younger children should be censored form books and music that might be offensive , because they are not big enought to know what is right or wrong , and they dont know what to do with violent information in books about war and music with cussing .
In conclusion , I believe that libraries should only censor books that are found offensice to parents with younger children and in younger sections of libraries .