I believe that certain materials should not be removed from the shelves in a library .
Libraries are meant to provide people with the varities of media that they need .
This action will pose three things : business loss , inconvenience , and a narrowing of people's book selections .
The first reason why libraries should not be censored is so they will not lose business .
Just like any other industry , libraries need people to use their multimedia materials , such as : books , magazines , music , etc .
so they stay in business .
The purpose many people go to the library is to get certain magazines , or movies , and so forth , and to get rid of certain movies and/or magazines is getting rid of certain cuatomers .
Another reason is the loss of business will lead to loss in customers , and if there are no customers to check out multimedia materials , the library will be closed down .
No one wants their library to be closed , so libraries should not be censored .
Also , parents , instead of having an entire library censored , censor what children get from libraries .
One way is to get the local libraries to participate in putting restrictions on the cards of young children .
For example , if a thirteen year-old child wants to check-out a movie that is rated @CAPS1 they would not be able to.The restriction on their card could be to rated @CAPS2 , or @NUM1 movies .
Another way is to have an adult monitor what the child gets from the library .
For example , if a thirteen year-old child wants to get @NUM1 movies , only allow them to get like one at a time .
This will lower the risk of offending a parent or guardian .
Finally , there would be nothing left in the libraries .
One reason is that out of all the books in the library , i 'm sure at least one person is offened by each one .
Does this mean that every library should close its doors ?
No , of course not , this just means that if something offends someone from their local library , stay away from it .
Don't check out that book , movie , magazine , etc .
A second reason is do not go to that library if the material in it is offensive to people's beliefs or religion .
Libraries offer many things to help people in enriching their knowledge about a certain belief , so they should not be censored .
Sometimes what is considered offensive to one person , is essential to another .
In every book of every library their is something that people most likely think should be censored .
But they must come to understand that those same books help people tremendously .
Those same books transform lives , and are read to improve their understanding of something .
So never will I think that the library should be censored .