Freedom to chose is something every person can have , such as what type of clothes you wear .
Censorship in libraries should not be allowed because everyone should have that right to chose .
Plus , there are other ways to avoid children getting inappropriate books besides taking the books completely out of the library .
Censorship in libraries should not happen because if someone is eighteen , they should have the right to chose what they want to watch anyways , the parents can censor what books and movies they want there kids to read and see , and there are offensive things and inappropriate things on television that everyone has access to as well .
First of all , if a person is eighteen they should have a right to read whatever books they chose because they are grown adults .
Eighteen year olds can go into rated @CAPS1 movies which would be about as bad as a book most likely .
In our society , people that are eighteen can do almost whatever they chose because they have freedom .
For example , adults can look up whatever they chose on the internet , and so can everyone else of all ages .
So , if they wanted to read a book like that , they could probably get it off the internet , even if they can not in libraries .
Therefore with today's technologies , censorship would not make a difference .
Next , there are ways to avoid children reading inappropriate books besides taking the books off the shelves completely .
For instance , if parents are so worried about their children reading inappropriate books , then they should take their kids to the library themselves and tell their kid what they can and can not read .
If parents do not censor what their child reads , then those parents @MONTH1 want the child to read whatever he/she choses to .
If their parents chose to let their kid read the book , then that is their choice , not anybody elses .
The choice for what book the child reads should be between the parent and the child .
Lastly , there are so many things in the world that could be offensive to other people besides a book .
For example , people offend other people all the time by words they say .
People hear about all of the fighting because the person probably was offended by something someone else said .
Also there is the television .
The television has inappropriate shows on it all the time , yet everyone can have access to it if they chose to .
Plus there are shows on television that could have to do with racism , or someone being overweight .
These things offend people every day .
Therefore , we should not take books off the shelves just because there is a possiblity of offending someone , when a person could be offended by so many other things in the world rather than a book .
In conclusion , the books , magazines , and movies of the library should not be taken off the shelves away from the public just because they are not appropriate for some children .
Eighteen year olds are adults who should be able to chose whatever they want .
Plus if parents are worried about their child reading inappropriate books , then they can monitor that themselves .
Also , people are offended every day by other people , so books , magazines , and movies are not the only things in the world that could be offensive .
If the person thinks a movie or book is offensive to them , then do not check it out !
Not everything in our lives has to be controlled by someone , so people should lighten up and give some freedom of choice .