These days there are many kinds of merdia in the liberaries beside books .
There are musics , movies , magazines and many more .
There are all kind of things and resources that you can find from liberaries .
Do you think that certain materials should be removed from the shelves it they are found offensive ?
What do you think ?
I think it shouldn't remove .
Even it is stuff that you don't want children to know , they will know someday .
Once we remove it from the shelves then more things , the informations are going to removed .
After all , nothings is going to be leaft .
There are a lot of imfornation in this world .
Growing children learn all kind of stuff from parents , book and from other medias .
Parent want to let their children to learn much as possible .
However there are sutten things that parent doesn't want the children to learn .
You need to think this way .
That children will grow up and become adult , then they will know any way .
Why would you move from the shelves , if they are going to know about it some how ?
What is a point about it ?
Doesn't removing from the shelves helps children to not know about it ?
I don't think there is a point to do that .
Katherine Paterson , the Author , said 'All of us can think of a books that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books on the shelf for any of us ' .
I agree with Katherine .
Once , the books or other mediea get removed because of some reason , other things are going to removed because of other reasons .
I don't think it should be remove , like Katherine said there are nothing gon na leaft for the children .
If nothing gon na leaft for the children what is main point of having libaries ?
I believe the certain materials , such as books , music , magazines and many more , should be removed from the shelves it they are found offensive , because children will know and need to know to be adualt .
Also there is nothing gon na leaft for the children in the libareries