The thought that Katherine Paterson had in her quote is quite understandable .
If we were to censor books then there would be nothing to read in libraries .
If you really tried , in every book you could find something offensive .
I somewhat agree with her ; however , I do believe there should be rules on where books are located .
Books are ment to be read and taking them away would be horrible for every book loving person in this world .
There are some things about where the books are to be found in the library that is up to dabate .
Personally , I believe the childrens books should be on the opposite side of the building from the adult books and other reading material .
In doing this you , for the most part , prevent the children from entering an area that is not age appropriate .
Teenage reading material should be seperate from both childrens books and adult reading material .
In this way they are not around the material that is 'above their heads ' , so to speak .
If this were done parents ' minds could be put at rest for the time being .
They would not have to worry about their child or teenager finding reading material that is inappropriate or offensive .
Books that some people find offensive should be catigorized , such as ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' .
They should also be catigorized as ' @CAPS3 ' , ' @CAPS4 ' , or 'Other ' .
In doing this most times where someone would have been offended are prevented from happening .
Although there will be times where people will still find those books , and @MONTH1 be offended , @CAPS5 is manditory that we do our best to limit those times .
All necissary precautions should be taken .
At the same time we should not remove any books from the shelves that are offensive to some .
In removing a book from a shelf we would be eliminating a piece @CAPS2 or even life long lessons that are difficult to teach without experiencing them yourself .
Books offer us as humans so much , from @CAPS2 to entertainment to even a form of comfort .
Books are important to everyone whether they realize @CAPS5 or not .
We have much to learn from books and we have much to offer our future members of the human race though books .
I do support Katherine Paterson's belief in that removing books from libraries would destroy the purpose of having them around .
At the same time I believe there are ways to limit the times where people would be offended by something .
Removing books would destroy countless years of @CAPS2 , past thoughts , and past expeiences .
Books should never be removed from libraries just because they @MONTH1 be found inappropriate .