I don't believe that certain material should be taken out of our libraries .
If they take the books that people get a learning expresion off of then what does that leave us with .
Everybody in life should have there own chocies , we shouldn't limit them.It's all about making chocies in life , people should get the right to read the books , magaizes , ect they want , With out people looking down on them or thinking the material they receve is unatural .
What one person @MONTH1 think is not good read the next person might think the total oppoiste .
Music is a creative aspest in our world , @CAPS1 person you meet are not the same so @CAPS3 should music be .
You can't have the same ideas when it's comes to making your creative looks on the music in your community it's not going to turn out the same as everyones elses will .
If that was the case then the world would be one boreding place to live in .
I think that @CAPS1 one has there on taste in music .
If your the right age and your not hurting anybody , Then whats the big problem listing to the music that incourge you to become creative .
There are alot of movies that some parents might think that they are not good for there kids to watch .
I think that we shouldn't be so worried about what our kids are watching and more what there doing .
I think that @CAPS1 movie you watch has a sercet point in it , In other words the lesson learned in the story .
Some solutions that happen in real life might be on a movie that's probably rated @CAPS2 .
I don't believe that we should be focus on the rating of the movie , We shold be focus on the lesson the movie is teaching you .
The children in the world are going to have to make there own chocies and what they find intresing , @CAPS3 should we band everything we thinks thats not .
We need you let the children grow on there own and aslo learn on there own .
Can't make somebody listen , read or watch what he want them to .
In conclusion we need to let not just kids but everyone have the chocie there want.The world is changing everyday so we need to change our ideas with it