One of the amendements in the @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 is freedom of speech , this amendment gives the freedom of speech to anyone who has something to say , as long as what they have to say does not interfere with the @CAPS2 of others .
It has been long since passed that the @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 was signed , but even today there are questions on the subject that still remain ; should people be allowed to censor books ?
This is a matter that has been disputed throughout the history of humans , and has been the a topic of great contraversy for many years .
Some say that one should have the right to censor a book that they find offensive .
However , if one would take the time to think on the issue they @MONTH1 see that if everyone had the right to censor a book that they dispised , there would not be any books left in the world .
In a population that contains so many different cultures and ethinicities , and reaches to almost every corner of the @LOCATION1 , writing a book that everyone could enjoy and not find offensive could be an impossible task .
We on @LOCATION1 live in a very diverse society , and liturature has , over the decades and centuries , adapted to the different types of customs , cultures , and religions so that anyone can find a book that they enjoy .
The way of life that one lives @MONTH1 be different from that of others , but one should respect and accept the different ways of living , just as liturature has .
It is like being in school , there has many times been that one student that the rest of the class see as really different .
Our teachers taught us to be nice and accept that student for who they were and that not everyone is the same .
Even after this and many other articles have been written about the topic , it will still remain a topic of much debate .
This is becuase everyone is different , and has their own opinions .
Some say it is a great idea , and others say everyone is entitled to their own ways of living .
However the issue will go on , because after all we are all different and have our own opinions .