Do I believe that certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive ?
No , it should not be removed .
Katherine says , ' I have the right to remove that book from the shelf , that work I abhor . '
@CAPS1 of all , she can have the right to do that but there is people who have a say in this .
There are people who can read , listen , watch , and see what they like .
Definately , I really think that it should not be removed even though it doesn't have positive things .
Although , it might offend some people they have a choice whether they should see , watch , listen , and read it .
Many people might agree with the author about what she thinks about this .
Though , many people might go against it .
One reason why I think that people should be allowed to see , watch , listen , and read whatever they would like to see , it's because it's their own choice .
We make our own decisions whether people like it or not .
Another reason would be because people would want to see the funny things that people invent that actually make the shows .
Some people do not like to be bored of the same thing .
Katherine Paterson the Author , is right in some ways .
She wouldn't want her children to see things that are inappropriate .
I have a daughter and I wouldn't want her to see things that are abhor .
Last reason would be children should not allowed to see inappropriate things until they are eighteen or older .
These things can influence children very intensely .
Indeed , many people in this world are influenced with bad things .
The author stated , 'then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else . '
Right , she is meaning that we have a choice of what our children would like to see .
For example , there is a magazines full of negative words and full of horrid stuff .
Would you pull it out of the shelf for your child to not have a chance to see that ?
You should if you love your child even though it's your own choice .
You would want the best for you child to not see , read , watch , and listen to things that are inappropriate .
In conclusion , this would be your choice .
There will always be things in the world that you don't like .
You can not stop the terrible things from happening .
In the libraries there shouldn't be anything negative anyway because you never know what your child might be doing .
Simply , teach your kid what is wrong and right .
Finally , from what you experienced .
Teach them the right things from the wrong things you learned so they wouldn't do the same mistake as you did .