Have you ever been to a library and found a book offensive ?
In my opinion I believe that books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, are at the library for a reason .
The reason being say if we wanted to check out a movie and everywhere else was to expensive to get it , why wouldn't you just get it at the library if they had it .
Most libraries that I 've gone to have certain sections for adults and children .
That means there would be appropiate things for little children to read in the section that they have been given .
If children under age were to wander off into the adult section that would be their fault if they saw something unapproiate not the libraries .
If the case was if every time a child or someone under age took a book offensive , I belive that the libraries wouldn't have as much of books in their buildinds that grown ups would like to read .
Of course I 'm not trying to say that there should be extermely unappropriate books wandering around in the library that the small children should see .
I 'm just saying that the adults do have the right to have books that they would be interested in.When I 've gone to the libraries I have found books that I have enjoyed reading and I 'm not the type of person that would just grab a book and be interested in right away .
There are books , movies , magazines , and music that have strange titles that some people might take offensive to , but those are the ones that get read more or listend to more or watched more .
I believe that no material should be taken off of the shelf just because one person found it offensive .
If the person doesn't like the idea of the people in the library not taking the material off ; it's the person personal problem I think .
For example there is this book called ' @CAPS1 ' and it's about a teenager who got into drugs real bad and got pregnate at a young age .
That book was one of the best selling books in the world .
If somebody took that offensive and asked for the book to be removed then it's their loss .
I mean if there were a book about how to murder somebody then yeah I would ask for that material to be taken off the shelf immeditely .
Except no library in this entire world would have that kind of stuff up so why worry about it.If there were ever to be that type of situation then that would be bizzare.But I highly doubt that it would come to a point like in time .
So in conclusion that is my opinion on this