Throughout the years , many events have taken place in our history .
Throughout these times the events have been recorded , journaled , and filmed .
These thoughts , opinions , and facts @MONTH1 be offensive to a select few in our @CAPS2 .
The question is , 'Should our libraries take these 'offensive ' pieces off the shelves ? '
The simple answer to this highly disputed question is no .
Censoring our libraries would be a harmful and wrong thing to do to the general public .
Censoring our libraries creates an illusion of a perfect @CAPS2 .
If libraries were filled with tasteless articles and perfect fairyland books the library would become a place where reality is not present .
Libraries hold information that is raw and true without leaving the facts behind .
People need to get a taste of reality in order to survive in the 'real @CAPS2 ' and one of the greatest ways to abtain this knowledge is through books .
Being exposed to offensive material and different viewpoints helps shape ourselves into who we are or will become .
To take this away would be harming our development and growth , thus creating an 'imperfect ' @CAPS2 .
Certain points in history are not something that everyone can be proud of .
The @CAPS1 , @LOCATION1's genocide , and @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 are all devastating points in time that can be a touchy subject to one and few people .
However , history is an important factor in everyones lives ; we know history in order to not repeat it .
Losing this information is way for people to not be clearly informed , harming the future outcome of our society .
Without public records of these happenings , it can cause confusion and misconcepted views of important topics .
If we censor all the media from libraries across the nation , ordinary people , such as yourself , would be 'living in the dark . '
As people develop their own opinions and views overtime they begin to distinguish the difference between right and wrong .
Your rights @MONTH1 be someone else's wrongs .
What @MONTH1 be offensive to you , @MONTH1 not be offensive to the person sitting next to you .
Quoted by the author Katherine Paterson , ' ... if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf ... you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
In truth , by removing offensive material from our bookshelves there would be no media left .
Not everyone will have the same opinion on matters that hold importance , but that is why the @CAPS2 goes around .
We as a society have the right to guard our ability to share opinions , censorship destroys our ability to do so .
Everyone is different .
The @CAPS2 is full of diversity and viewpoints that are bursting with interesting concepts .
By censoring records of history , opinion , observations , our @CAPS2 becomes an illusion .
We need to have these facts available to the general public .
By ridding ourselves of 'offensive ' media we can not share our opinions with one another for a more successful @CAPS2 .
Censorship should not be allowed in libraries because it is harmul to our growth as a society and is overall the wrong thing to do