It is important to know what is going on or what has gone on in the world .
If @CAPS1 is unaware , problems can only be helped to a short extent .
There is a point in which words can turn into harrassment , but the boundaries before reaching that point can be fairly defended by the freedom of speech .
@CAPS1 must learn in order to teach .
@CAPS1 must teach for others to learn .
Censorship in libraries is more offensive than the material that is hidden.Censorship should be prohibited because knowledge and time is all we have and everyone must receive and give respect .
If @CAPS1 were to look up information about the government on the internet , that person would not find a lot of useful information .
It is a challenge to find why same-sex marriage is illegal in some areas or if the words on the news are true .
In this generation , our species relies on cellphones , websites with recent dates , and the news .
It seems that the time of research is diminishing .
@CAPS1 can only learn so much from a world history textbook .
It @MONTH1 not be completely accurate .
The passing of the information from historian to historian over the centuries can potentially be described as the game telephone .
With such a high risk of being mislead , the world needs as much information and thought as it can get .
Knowledge , no matter the content , is valuable .
It can help @CAPS1 to learn from mistakes and solve problems .
The world can not afford to censor .
Censorship does not change the existence of that censored author's thoughts or the reality of what has occurred .
The hidden information could be helpful .
As this essay is being read , people are dying .
It can easily be counted : @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 , @CAPS3 .
They are gone .
At any moment , anyone and everyone could die .
Time is mainly all we have .
We need knowledge to make the most out of it .
Everyone deserves to be heard .
If @CAPS1 were to refrain from listening when being spoken to , it would be disrespectful and offensive to the speaker .
A lot of the people in underdeveloped countries go with their starving cries unheard .
Such cries make the more fortunate , well-fed , and housed people such as myself uncomfortable .
Despite such discomfort , this information should not be hidden from anyone .
No matter how uncomfortable or offensive a material @MONTH1 be , perhaps the author is simply thinking for himself/herself .
Perhaps the author does not find it offensive , and is simply trying to make sense of the world because that is all @CAPS1 can do with all of the problems that exist .
Every single person has the right to be heard .
The people that believe something should be censored or hidden could have completely different opinions from others .
There is no absolute , divine being that can accurately judge a material .
The people that censor could be wrong about the content of the material .
Because of the great variety of opinions and concept of respect , everyone must be heard .
Censorship should not be allowed because time and knowledge are the valuable building blocks that determine the future of humanity and not a single thought should go unheard .
Censorship is a great hindrance to knowing what is occurring and what has occurred in the world .
Truth is knowledge and knowledge is truth .
It is up to the world to unleash it and make something out of it .