People will always take things offensive .
It is a fact of life .
No one will ever be completly satisified no matter what .
We can not try to please everyone , but it will never happen .
We have a freedom of speech even if those words are offensive to others .
Things on the internet are offensive and no one can mandate how it is veiwed either .
The same should go for a library .
I understand a parent's concern with their child reading or listening to things that are not appropriate .
Some of the things authors write can be either innapproraite or offensive .
That is their freedom of speech .
We can not take that away from them but there should be some censorship at least to the apprearance of books .
For music and movies they usually have a warning lable if it is not intended for younger kids .
It might be a good idea for some libraries to do the same with books and magazines .
In order to see a rated , ' @CAPS1 ' , movie you have to be over @NUM1 and for a good reason because of the mature content .
The books being writen now are more and more mature .
But if we take on the custom of being of certain age for books we might invaid the privacy of others .
No one has the right to remove books from a library's shelf on the count of being offensive .
Who can judge whether something is offensive ?
The libraries are publicly owened and therefore have no one owner .
The city owns them .
If there is a problem with whether a book should be at the library it is the city's decision .
Even if there is such an uproar about one book , unless the decision is unnanimous , no book should be taken off the shelves .
The book should simply be put in a spot either behind the counter or where it is available only on request .
Taking books off the shelves I beleive is taking away from the public's ability to read .
If a parent is concerned about what their child might read , they should confront their local librarian .
The librarian @MONTH1 be able to help them retrieve books that are appropriate and apealing to their child .