Teachers in schools do their best to make sure the material that children and young adults read and see in school is appropriate for their certain age group .
Parents also make the effort to censor what their kids read , watch , and listen to as a way of keeping them innocent .
At a point in a young adults life , this feeling of censorship wears off , and the teenager decides to read , watch , and listen to whatever they want to .
This is how it goes in most cases , but is this strong feeling of public censorship too old fashioned for todays society ?
In my opinion , yes .
Censorship , to a certain extent , should not be in present in libraries .
There will always be something that one person finds in appropriate while another finds it to be perfectly fine .
When I was younger we would sometimes watch movies in the after school program I attended .
One movie , @CAPS1 @CAPS2 specifically , created conflict .
While my mother was fine with me watching the movie , some of the other kids were not allowed to because their parents did not find the movie appropriate .
Because of this one parent family all the kids in the program had to watch a differnt movie that everyone's parents were okay with .
As @PERSON1 said eventually 'we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
If libraries restricted material based on what people found offensive , there would be nothing left ; people can find offensive material in almost any material in this century .
It is the way our culture is .
I am not saying it is right , but someone else might think so and that person has a right to go to a library and get a book that they find perfectly fine .
In the @ORGANIZATION1 censorship has almost never been present .
It is part of what is great about this country .
People can speak , believe , and read what they want without the government interfering .
This is not true in a lot of places and we should value that as @CAPS3 , not complain about it .
The government has no right constitutionally to censor material put in public , there can be age restrictions , but to completely cut the material out would go against this countrie's policy of freedom .
I agree that age restrictions are okay , but I believe it is untimately up to the parents of a child what they want their child to watch or read .
Overall , the censorship issue is a little bit of a grey area .
In my opinion our country is about freedom and censorship is not exactly upholding the constitution .
People can believe what they want , but the issue will be hard to conclude .
Everyone has a different view on something , that is what started this issue in the first place .
When everyone learns to get along , maybe then can this problem be solved