Today in our society many things can be taken in many different way .
Many sayings , quotes and even just simple words are twisted , turned , and made into something they are not .
The author Katherine Paterson once said that a person has a right to remove harmful things that explicit for children from a shelf , and this is true .
Even with that being true , the question truly is , will it do you any good to take those things away ?
In my opinion offensive materials should not be removed because a librarian could be taking away material someone without money wanted , children -- espcially teens -- will almost do anything for what they want , and things have a double meaning most of the time .
If a librarian finds something offensive , he or she @MONTH1 not ever put that book on the shelf in fear of children finding the material .
I think that action the librarian takes is completely unnecessary .
He or she @MONTH1 be able to take that privelege away from his or her own library , but the material is still out there in the world .
A child can simply go to another library , or even a store to find the same thing .
I also believe that a library should leave the book on the shelf because what if an adult wants to read the book but does not have the opportunity to read it because it is found offensive .
Being a teenager myself , I have seen what lengths some people will go to just so they can get this explicit material .
If a teen goes to a library and can not find what they want at that location , they will simply move on to another location .
In even the most extreme cases , a teen will take their parent's credit card and purchase the item they desire online .
In this case it would seem as if the library not having one thing because of something offensive , could cause a big catastrophe .
When a person listens to music , or reads a book , that person could take something differently from how the writer intended it to be .
For example a person could take up a funny book that is finding funny things in everyone , but the reader could end up thinking the author was only making fun of one specific thing ; something that reader could be involved in .
Most songs nowadays have an excessive use of fowl language , but even then that language is not intended to be taken in the way some people take it .
Everything in life can have a double meaning , which makes it easier to find offensive material .
These select few reasons are why censorship in libraries is unesscesary .
The responsibility should not be put on the librarians , but on the parents if a librarian is concerned about a child finding unacceptable material .
If the librarian does not like the material then he or she should not listen to or read it ; however , that librarian should not take the privelege to listen to or read the material from other people .
Katherine Paterson once said you can hope for a child not to find the material , and you can take it away , but then there is nothing left for the rest of the people .
With this it shows that a person can not let one small thing ruin something for everyone else