The idea of censoring books and music in our libraries has long been debated .
Libraries are places that people can go to stray away from the norm and get lost in the works of other authors and musicians .
I believe that reading and the ability to express oneself through the powers of music is a very essential part of our lives .
Censoring these would only shelter our lives and keep younger generations from discovering the effect that words have on our emotions and actions from day to day .
Books are one of the oldest forms of information we 've had throughout the years .
I think that if someone were to remove a piece of information that they found offensive it would only open the door to other people to find excuses to keep the hard work of authors behind closed doors .
Personally i enjoy reading .
I think that with every book i read it opens the door to other beliefs and culturs that i would otherwise never learn about .
Children need to be able to explore the world , to get to know how other civilizations grow and function as to how we in the @LOCATION1 function in our own little world that is getting more and more judgemental every day .
The only way to do this is to pick up a book from someone who has been lucky enough to experience it themselves .
I have always had a deep passion for music .
When i want to relax music helps me to center myself and open my mind .
In my opinion , censoring music shouldn't be something that people even consider .
Removing music from libraries is difficult for me to even begin to try and accept .
Freedom of speech was once a huge part of our country .
Now it seems as if everything we 've been taught of our great @LOCATION2 has been nothing more than just a false cover to let the government control how we live , act , and now how we choose to express ourselves .
Music is a freeing way to express oneself in a not so violent way .
During the sixties and seventies , music was the way alot of people protested things like war and racism without being violent .
Times have changed though and the people in charge of our country no longer see it as an 'appropriate ' option .
I belive that just because one society believes something to be inappropriate , doesn't mean that it actually is that way .
We worry enough already about what other people think , why try to judge others ' work if we can't accept the fact that we are all different .
If we all accepted the differences in our world's cultures , there wouldn't have to be a debate on whether or not to censor an expressive and emotional piece of art that deserves to be shown in our libraries