I feel that censorship in libraries is not needed .
There are ways around your child having to be subjected to certain things you don't want them to be subjected to .
If you don't want your child to witness certain types of material that is on you , not the libraries .
We have libraries for the sole purpose of variety what is the point in having a library if you can't find what you want because it has offended someone .
There are ways around completely taking certain things off the shelf if they are that explicet then they can be put in a section just for adults .
No I do not belive certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .
One reason why it is not necessary to take certain things off the shelf is if you don't want your child to read or see certain things okay that's fine then watch them and see what they try to pick up and read or watch .
Your child doesn't have to anything if you don't want them to .
It's like saying I don't like this telivision show I never want my child to see it well what are the odds that telivision show is going to stop playing just becase your not happy with the violents , drug use , language , ect .
The odds are extremely unlikely .
When you don't want you child to see that certain show what do you do you watch them and keep them from watrching it so why should there be any differance when it comes to the books they are subjected to in a library .
Another reason would be the sole purpose of a libray is to give variety to the people a place where there is something for everyone .
Just because you think something is horrible and no one should read , hear , or see doesn't mean that some one else won't like it , it could be someone else's favorite book , magazine , cd , or movie .
One oppinion shouldn't count for so much .
If you don't like a book , movie , magazine , cd or agree with the content fine your entitled to your own oppinion then don't check it out no one is making you .
If they took something off the self everytime they got a complaint about it there would be nothing left .
If they were about to try and accomidate everyone they @MONTH1 as well just give up and close all libraries down all around the world because there will be nothing left on the selves .
Also instead of taking them completly off the shelf if they are that explicet maybe make an eightteen and older section .
It would solve a lot of problems .
Yes I agree that there are a select few books , magazines , movies , ect .
that younger people should not be subjected to , but as and adult you should be able to read , watch , and hear whatever you want .
That right shouldn't be taken away just because there are children that come to libraries .
Every library I have ever been to there are certain sections and if your child stays in the section where there type of books are then they should be fine .
Aside from that though an eightteen and older section would solve a lot of conflict .
No I do not belive certain material should be taken off the selves if they are found offensive .
There are way to many ways around having to take the books completely off the selves .
I don't want to go to a library one day and there be literally nothing left because they took a book off the self every time someone had a problem with it .
There is absolutly no reason why we can't figure spomething out to make everyone happy and I think that having the eightteen and older section would be a good start .
For the whole i don't want my child to be sujected to those kinds of things then keep your child away for those kinds of things nobody is forcing them to read anything you don't want them to