Good ?
Bad ?
Offensive or not ?
These are just a few of the questions asked when referring to content in any given book , magazine , or even a song .
Who are we to judge what's good , what's offensive , or even what is appropriate for any being ?
From things such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
the author ( s ) @MONTH1 express what they feel on a given topic .
Though their opinion might not please others , there's nothing that can be done about it .
In society people are going to talk , to write , to sing , to listen .
Whether everyone agrees with that is a different story .
In society , no matter what the topic is , there will always be at least one person that has a problem with it .
The world will never be perfect !
The only thing that can be done to assuage the chaos is for people to self censor what they @MONTH1 ingest from reading or listening to these different books and lyrics .
If one shows so much emnity towards a given topic , then they are able to do as they please , and choose not to listen/read .
At the bottom of numerous cd's , both explicit and non , there is a label , an advisory that warns a person .
It will briefly tell you that there is some content they @MONTH1 not be appropriate , that @MONTH1 hurt feelings , and simply offend .
It is then that one can choose to listen to the cd or not .
Every human is entitled to freedom of speech .
This doesn't necessarily mean that everything said by a being is okay ; but everyone is entitled to his own opinion .
There are words spoken that will offend many !
From @PERSON1 using racial slurs in speeches , to @LOCATION1 calling females derrogatory words , all the way back to a white male calling his colored friend a nigger .
People will always be offended .
There are many different ways of looking at life , and many different opinions .
Not everyone agrees with one another , because everyone is unique in his own way .
From ethnicity to personalites , from talented athletes to intelligent students , and even from ancestors to religion .
Everyone has something that defines them and makes them who they are .
We are all special ; and we all think differently .
We find certain slurs and lyrics offensive , while others @MONTH1 not .
@NUM1 years ago when i was in @NUM2 grade , my @CAPS1 class was reading a story about the ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ' .
There were @CAPS4 young black children striving to get a respected education in a white school .
Times were tough then , and there was still alot of racism in @LOCATION2 .
As my teacher read us this book everyday , we all sat and listened taciturnly .
After the third day of reading this book , we all sat down like usual ready to finish the book .
Five minutes into class as the teacher was reading the book , she read and enunciated every word in the book .
In the middle of the sentence , it read 'nigger-lover ' , and the teacher didn't hesitate a bit as she said it .
In less than @MONEY1 , @NUM3 blacks children walked out of the room yelling curse words at the top of their lungs .
This teacher didn't realize that she had offended these children by what she took as simply reading to her class .
The book ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ' wasn't censored in any way .
Though many children looked at it and felt some of the terms were harsh , no one ever thought there would ever be a riot caused at school .
Because the teacher was white , and the children didn't want her to say that word , everyone attacked her vocally .
I 've began to realize that everyone can not be pleased .
There will always be at least @NUM4 person that stands up and retaliates against something they dislike .
In ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ' , the book wasn't censored , but I still believe that it should stay on library shelves .
That book allowed children to better understand how hard life was in the past .
By keeping the harsh language , I feel as if people realize how much harder times were .
Books , music , movies , and magazines will always contain a statement that someone doesn't agree with , and by removing that I feel like one can not fully understand the message the author is trying to get across .
For all of these reasons , I proudly say that I believe that these different books , movies , lyrics , and magazines should be kept on the shelves