When it comes to the decision of certain materials being allowed in the library , there are many different aspects that must be considered .
There isn't a particular audience that visits a library .
Many types of people go to libraries looking for different things .
Blocking types of materials will lose an audiences interest and they will go eslewhere .
Now that doesnt mean that offensive materials are acceptable and here is why .
There should be a level of intensity in which the item is offensive .
Profanity , and action are minor types of offense .
However , intense violence and explicit materials such as blood and such needs to have conditions.Categorization is an acceptable method to blocking some @CAPS1 from viewing harmful materials .
Putting violent books in an area that is blocked to @CAPS1 under the age of @NUM1 is an effective way to restrict children .
Adults would not want to go into this section and therefore would'nt be an issue .
It is understandable that some people are offended by the materials showcased in libraries because a library is a place for everyone .
If offensive items were availible only to those who wanted it and hidden from the public , then this is something that could solve the problem .
Many individuals should realize that a library isn't a place for one type of person and must be shared by all types .
When it comes books they can be placed in areas availible to epople who enjoy it .
The same applies for magazines and movies .
Movies is a form of entertainment that is strongly advertsied over magazines and books .
Any advertisement that show explicit material or offensive pictures or text should be removed from the view of the public .
These advertisements should be only viewable by the audience it was inteded for .
If @CAPS1 wish to use computers there are rules that need to be applied as well .
@CAPS1 under the age of @NUM1 should have safety precautions that block them from using the computer to look up harmful material , @CAPS1 over the age of @NUM1 know how to avoid certain material and proceed at their own risk .
These computers should be seperated to avoid peeking eyes from children or anyone who finds the material to be appualing .
Listening to music on the the computer or by a device should require a couple of things as well .
If there is a song that isnt preferable to a certain audience or it offends someone headphones should be a requirement .
The library is a place for peace and quiet so headphones are necessary regardless .
This can potentially eleminate the problem as long as the headphones themsleves are at an appropriate level .
If @CAPS1 want to check out any materials that is or can be offensive or explicit in some way they must prove their age of maturity , due to some items with slight violence being availible to @CAPS1 under the age of @NUM1 .
In conclusion , if the categorization of harmful or explicit materials is placed properly and out of view of unwanted viewers or children this can eleminate the issue .
Music is to be played through headphones only and must be at an appropriate volume .
No items should not be removed from shelves if they offend people but conditions should be enforced .
With rules and conditions the library can be a safe and enjoyable place for everyone .