I think that the music and other things besides books should stay in the libary .
Honestly thats where a lot of people go and find other music , yes it could be offinsive to some people , but to others its not .
They have the right to say they dont want to listen to that stuff , so they dont have to .
The libary holds over a @NUM1 different kinds of music , movies , magazines , ect .
So if theres over that many , then why should other people be limited to what they read , hear , and look at ?
The libary is where people go to find new things and explore what other people find interesting .
Why would they put it in there just to take it all away .
I remember going to the libary as a young child and looking around me , i saw all these other people look at things i have never even heard of , granted i was only @NUM2 , but my point is that , people grow into what they like , they arent just born liking something and thats it .
I think the library is perfect just the way it is .
I think that if anything we should put more differnet kinds of music .
I know not everybody likes the same music , so why would you wantt o force them to ?
I think that the @CAPS1.S is populating more and more everyday , that all we can do is just extend it in every way posible .
Keeping in mind that not everybody likes to read books , they just find reading magazines and watching movies interesting .
I know im a person that would much rather watch a movie , or listen to music than read a book.Not everybody is the same , so why would you want to trea them that way .
Being @NUM3 , and if i had to listen to disney tracks all the time , i think i would drive myself crazy .
I listen to the things i listen to because i have interest in them , if somebody took away my music away i wouldnt know what to do with myself .
I guess i would just have to readthe books i dont like , and listen to the music i cant stand .
The music should stay in the libraries because thats where it belongs , you cant make everybody happy