I believe that many books in our local libraries @MONTH1 come off as crude or offensive to many readers , but I also believe it has a lot to do with the maturity level of some people .
For instance , if you are an adult you will most likely be looking in the adult section .
There @MONTH1 be children who look through that same section , although their parents should be monitoring what they are checking out at their local libraries .
Although maturity has a lot to do with it , some young adult books probably aren't intended for the people reading them .
Some young adult books @MONTH1 be venturing too far , and the children who are reading these books probably shouldn't be .
I don't think that everyone should have access to check out whatever they want whenever they want .
Many parents have different rules for their children then others , and they @MONTH1 not agree with what is displayed among these shelves for their child to checkout .
I remember times when I was a little my parents didn't always let me check out what I wanted , because I was too young to be viewing it in the first place As for adults , they are free to make their own choices on what to checkout .
I don't think the adult section at the libraries should be monitored all that much , because as an adult you are free to make your own decisions .
You know whats right and whats wrong , and no one person should have to tell you what you should or shouldn't be reading .
The area that I would be most concerned with would be the young adult section .
At that point children are at an awkward growing stage were they themselves are still learning whats right and wrong .
Some books or movies could effect the young viewers dramatically .
Their parents @MONTH1 be letting them watch horrific movies , and it could make them feel as if what they 're watching is really okay .
I think parents should be very involved in their children's lives , and closely monitor what their children are reading or watching .
I do feel that some books should be monitored , and taken off the shelves if they are found inappropriate for the intended age .
Mostly in the children and young adult sections , because they could be taking in information they shouldn't be .
I also feel that parents should take a part in their childs life , and set limits to what their child is aloud viewing .
Above all , I think that everyone should check out books in their appropriate age section