When you want to read that one special book you heard about but you find out it was considered offensive to some what would you do ?
The public libraries will take all offensive material off shelves for noone to read .
Then that one special book you wanted to read is now off limits .
A book someone worked hard on or a song or movie is now stored away because of a little contraversy .
Do you find that to be fair to our rights ?
I find the fact of cencorship a very confusing topic in public libraries .
If someone is to write and publish a book then someone will want to read it .
If some find it offensive then no one can read it how is that fair to the people who do enjoy it ?
The way it should be done is if you dont like it dont read it dont just take it away from all who would want to read it .
There are some material in libraries i think should be censored to a certain degree .
Such as anything with nudity or adult content .
That dose not mean though it should be taken away .
The stuff with this content should not be taken away but in a seleted area for only adults to view .
Many movie stores and book stores have the same idea so why dosent the library just adopt that idea .
We as @CAPS1 have the right to freely state our opinions and what we believe .
If someone wants to write a book on what they think is right then they are allowed to do that .
If you censor something just because you dont like what they say that is violation of the constitution .
You are allowed to express your opinion about it but taking it away cause you @MONTH1 not like it is wrong to do .
Do you find it fair that people spend so much money and time in writting a book and a few people find it offensive so noone can view it anymore ?
I say if someone spends there time and effort then it should be allowed for those who do enjoy it .
Is it really so hard for you not to pick up a book that you @MONTH1 find offensive .
Censorship is good in some cases but inforcing it to much on what someone calls offensive is againts our right to freedom of expression .