Should offensive material be censored ?
Removing things such as books , music , movies , magazines , ect.
, that are found offensive could be both good and bad .
It could be good because younger children wouldn't be exposed to things that are considered offensive .
Although , it could be bad because it takes away from freedom of choice .
Most young children don't know good from bad , so censoring these things for them could be good .
Though , you shouldn't want to shelter your children from the real world .
Protecting your children from things that offend you , @MONTH1 stop them from growing up badly .
Censoring such stuff now doesn't really change what is already out there .
Censoring or removing things that you find offensive @MONTH1 be a good idea .
There are plenty of reasons someone @MONTH1 want to do this .
A parent @MONTH1 not want their child to read , hear , or see something simply because it offends them .
Another reason parents @MONTH1 want to censor these things is just because they don't want their child exposed to it .
Parents know that most young children don't know right from wrong , so they 'd like to make that choice for them .
By doing this , a parent knows what their child is reading , hearing , or seeing .
Some parents @MONTH1 feel that they need to protect their children from these things because it could be harmful to them .
They also @MONTH1 feel this should be done so their child doesn't grow up badly .
Removing offensive material from shelves would take away from a person's freemdom of choice .
Who wants to be told what they can and can not read ?
If a parent does this to their child , it just sheltering them from the world around them .
A child should be able to know the life around them before they grow up and are completely lost .
Parents @MONTH1 think that this is good idea because it protects their children from things that @MONTH1 be considered bad .
When really , protecting them could be harmful .
Censoring books , movies , music , ect.
, won't stop what is already bought and out in our world .
Offensive music , movies , books , ect.
, have already been bought and sold for years .
I feel that censoring or removing books , music , movies , magazines , ect.
, should not be done .
It doesn't give people a choice .
Some people @MONTH1 like reading graphic novels or things like that .
Music is made for the enjoyment of the people .
Some people like their music to talk about drugs or curse , why take that away from them ?
It just wouldn't be fair to take a choice away from someone .
A movie is just a movie , it's not real .
Just because something is done in a movie doesn't mean that a person will go off and do it .
I think people should be able to have a choice .
Censoring such stuff now doesn't really change what is already out there .
If people stopped to think about it , they would realize that offensive material has already been bought by others .
Plenty of people have illegaly downloaded , or bought music that uses inapropriate language .
This music is already in their iPods , @NUM1's , and burned onto @CAPS1 , there's no removing it .
Books that some @MONTH1 find offensive have already been printed and sold to others .
One person @MONTH1 lend that book to another , therefore the offensive book is being spread around .
Plenty of movies that involve adult content , violence , and drugs have been released into the media .
Lots of people own these kinds of movies .
So , why censor things now , when there's already unremovable offensive material out ?