The many books , movies , music , and magazines in the world could be offensive .
In all of these examples there could be bad language , pictures , and messages .
No matter where people go they can find something that could offend someone .
No matter what , people will try and get rid of eveything bad but the truth is they are gon na be around forever if not a very long time .
In @CAPS1 @CAPS2 all the students in grade ten just got done reading ' @CAPS3 of @CAPS4 @CAPS5 . '
The story is about a runaway @NUM1er named @CAPS6 ; and a runaway boy named @CAPS7 .
many librarys have banned this book because of the use of the n-word .
'
@CAPS3 of @CAPS4 @CAPS5 ' has profanity in it , and people don't want that book to be taught in @CAPS2 .
I personaly think it should be taught , because it shows students today what it was like back when there was slavery .
Music is something that mostly everyone listens to .
Songs always have a meaning or a subject the artist sings or raps about .
many song artist write about love , money , and fame , yet others write about drugs , profanity , and suicide .
Hip-hop , rap , country , rock , metal , jazz , r & b , punk , ect.
, are only a few of the hundreds of types of music out there ; and at least @NUM2 songs of each type have a bad meaning behind it .
Magazines and movies are the same way .
Magazines and movies have everything between cars to bad pictures in them and historical places , facts , and documents to action .
Even though there are age limits to buy or see stuff it still doesnt mean that it couldent get into a teens hands .
Because there is bad language in music , movies , books , etc.
, doesnt mean it should be banned , just limmited .
No , it is not wrong to put what you feel into a book or into a movie just make sure it is analized right so it can only be checked out or sold to the people of the right age .
What the children and teens are into now will affect the world in a later time and keep on going untill there is a change made .