We live in a world @DATE1 inundated and persuaded by media .
Ever since we were little , our young minds have been filled with opinions of others from history and from the present .
Whether we are reading a book , watching a motion picture , or even listening to a new music artist , our lives are being affected by such media .
The art world is considered to be one of the most controversal businesses to work in .
Each piece of literature or movie is shared by a vast community of critics .
We all are given the right to our opinion on such pieces .
Every piece of art is judged and then criticized .
However , many find certain pieces to be offending in some way , shape , or form .
It is quite impossible to produce such a piece that will fit everybody's satisfaction .
For an example , religious pieces are often scorned for their nonfactual information or for the director's or author's opinion over the matter .
Since we live in such a diverse community of religions , these pieces will never satisfy the audience .
Movies have been criticized for decades because they represent some sort of life lesson or truth that is not appealing to the audience .
Why not learn from them and reflect ?
No piece of media can possibly be directed to satisfy the opinions of all the world .
As a personal example , I can see that novels and books over war are heavily criticized .
The men and women who fought for our country @MONTH1 enjoy to see such pieces written about them , but war protesters and peace keepers @MONTH1 see this as an insult to their cause .
@PERSON1 wrote a book by the name @CAPS1 @NUM1 .
This book was heavily criticized over the topic of censorship .
The world in which they lived in had dramatically been affected by the impact of peoples opinions .
If a book or movie was offensive to a group of people , then they burned the books .
History books about slavery and war were burned because others found the topics offending .
Non-religious groups thought that religion was offensive , so they burned the @CAPS2 and other works of religion .
Their government wanted a world of peace and a community where every man was equal and diversity was no longer existent .
@PERSON1 denies the book was written over censorship but his book gives our generation a great lesson .
For generations , we have grown up in a world of diversity .
Every mind is special and different and will never share identical thoughts as his neighbor .
Therefore , we must recognize that we have to survive and live together .
We can not escape the diversity in which we live in .
The books we see on shelves , the movies we see on the big screen , and music we listen through our earphones all make up our generations history and the next .
We need to accept our neighbor and his opinions because we are all born equal .
If we throw away our history and our accomplishments , man is left nothing to improve on , nothing to leave his or her marking on history .
We have to accept others ideas and build on them to improve our life and other's .
As we stand @DATE1 in a world filled with diversity , we must move on and reflect .
It is not a time to offend and be offended but a time to learn and move on