I am writing you today to propose an explanation on my views of censorship in libraries .
I recently had visited a library and some of the things I read in my time being there was really overwhelming.I think it should be censored and taking off the shelf .
If you are a place of business you should not want things like that on your shelf .
You should not want costumers reading it and feeling disgusted .
I hope something I write will propose my reasons .
I have plenty of reasons to censor things and have them taking off the shelves that are offensive to me and others who visit the library , but only speaking on my behalf there were certain materials such as books , music , magazines , etc.
, that was offensive .
I believe things in the nature should be handled in great authority .
If anything I am trying to help me and my fellow citizens .
Just think if a visitor come in and pick up a magazine and it has insulting visual details of something that the reader can relate to or have experienced , and it is getting talked down about instead of beeing looked at , then they would be very offened .
For them to come there it had to be a reson that they came , I know it wasn't so they would feel insulted .
It is very inappropiate to have things that are offensive in the library .
It is plenty of different reason people come to libraries .
Some come to get away , and to others its a daily routine .
Whatever the case maybe they should feel comfortable in the place they are at .
Why would you want people in the community or people period to not be comfortable where they are at .
Just think if they are uncomfortable , then they are going to tell others and you will loose alot of fellow friends and alot of business .
Think strongly on the things you do and the way you approach things to get peoples attention .
To answer the question @CAPS1 , I agree strongly on getting the offensive materials moved from the shelves .
I believe in making people happy and one thing that is wrong with society today is too much judging and talking down and talking bad about people .
If people would not judge or insult people then the world would be alot safer .
It has to start somewhere , every little start causes for a great ending .
I think this would be a good start on making the world happier and bringing all of us closer together .
I hope something I wrote will help you on your descision