@CAPS1 us ?
@CAPS1 now ?
Those questions just might be flashing through your head right now .
The reason @CAPS1 I am writing to you today is to give you my point of view on the censorship in the worlds libraries today .
In this context hopefully I will be able to enlighten you on the subject , also with the questions of ' @CAPS1 us ?
'
, and ' @CAPS1 now ? '
.
Censorship , what does that mean to you ?
To me that means censoring many things in the world to protect it from children who are under the age , not people who are old enough to handle inapropiate things .
In todays libraries there are many uncensored things , that happen to be in the adult section of the libraries .
Things such as books , movies , and magazines should not be removed from the adult section , also labeled as the uncensored section , if that is where they rightfully belong .
Now you are probably wondering , @CAPS1 us .
In today's world many people want to protect their children from harmful things , such as uncensored materials .
@CAPS1 us ?
In the world today there are so many laws , regulations , and even authorities protecting our rights .
Now many people want to try to get around the government protecting our rights .
Many want to protect their youth from some of the so called 'harmful ' things in society .
Today you can try to create a law or bill that @MONTH1 make it through the government , now some of them are trying to remove the uncensored material .
@CAPS1 now ?
Throught the years the world has changed , everything has become easier to have access to .
Now one thing they think they @MONTH1 be able to do is remove the adult section of the libraries if enough people stand to fight for it , it will not happen .
There is an adult section for adults not children , people need to realize that .
In the end , the adult section needs to stay in our libraries .
Some of the material in the section is not always bad , sometimes it contains material over war , and recessions .
When people are of age they are allowed to enter the areas , not any younger .
Don't punish the rest of the world for one libraries mistake of letting children have access to adult material , make the children realize it wasn't their area to be in .
Then many parents @MONTH1 see it's not just some of the world , that the whole world is exactly the same way .
The books , music , magazines , and etc.
, need to stay where they are