Censorship in libraries is a topic that is argued back and forth in todays society .
It is something that we all should think about and voice our opinions about .
I believe that items in a library should not be censored based on constitutional @CAPS5 , the creation of gray areas , and the depletion of classic literature .
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 to the @CAPS3 of the @ORGANIZATION1 , clearly @LOCATION1 the idea of freedom of the press .
Not only does this give publishers the right to print whatever they please , but it also gives people a right to choose for themselves what they can and want to read .
Censoring books in a library would be denying this right that is clearly spelled out in the @CAPS4 of @CAPS5 .
I refuse to support any idea that directly opposes the @CAPS3 and the people of the @LOCATION1 should be appalled that this sort of thing is even in discussion .
When it comes to censoring something based on how offensive something is , one always has to consider the gray areas that will be formed .
For instance , what is offensive in one book @MONTH1 not be offensive to someone else who would benefit from reading it .
The term 'offensive ' is a reletive one , in that the definition varies from person to person .
No one thing can be deemed offensive by one hundred percent of the population and therefore no one thing can be removed without opposition .
This creates areas of gray where there is no right answer .
This would be extremely problamatic for those trying to censor items within a library .
Secondly , the decision on who would get to decide what is and is not offensive would cause as much contreversy as the books themselves .
Knowing that every person carries a different opinion the people deciding would have to equally represent every persons ' opinion when making a decision , talk about problamatic .
Finally , censoring books would eliminate classic literature and would deplete an understanding of the world through the eyes of great writers .
For example , in @PERSON1's ' @CAPS7 @PERSON2 ' the ' n ' word appears over one hundred times .
Many @CAPS8 @CAPS9 take great offense at the use of this word .
However , this book is seen as one of the centuries greatest works and can not be removed from the education of young people because of an offensive term .
If people want to censor books , then censor them from their own children and not the children of others and inevitably an entire population .
In conclusion , the censorship of literature and other items in a library is not only impossible , but utterly unconstituional .
The idea of censoring items from children based on offense is not something that should be pursued