There are many forms of entertainment in the world today .
Almost anyone has access to movies , magazines , newspapers , music , books , television and radio .
While these examples @MONTH1 seem relatively innocent , there are many cases where they can be found very offensive .
When the book , magazine or movie was create , it @MONTH1 not have been made to be offensive .
A group of people @MONTH1 find something very offensive that most other people wouldn't even think about .
There are many types of consumers and it is hard not to offend anyone due to the wide variety of people .
Certain materials , such as books , music , movies or magazines should not be removed from the shelves , even if they are found offensive .
The act of censorship in libraries , or anywhere , should be looked down upon .
No one is being forced to read a book or magazine , watch a movie or listen to music .
If someone finds a book offensive , then the solution is simple : don't read it .
Others @MONTH1 find the book to be inspirational and uplifting , and taking the option of reading it away from the person is wrong .
There are many forms of entertainment that could be taken the wrong way and be offensive to people .
To take away any book or magazine that could be offensive to any group of people would be a large task .
Taking away all offensive books would do away with a large portion of books available in libraries .
If a person doesn't want to read a book because of the offensive nature of the book , then he can leave it on the shelf and pick a different book .
The book should not be taken away from other people just because someone @MONTH1 be offended by it .
Everyone has a different view on things .
Many people @MONTH1 think one way about something , while other people think of it completely different .
This is why all different forms of books , magazines , radio and music could be offensive to people .
For example , a person @MONTH1 be offended if a book talks about a certain topic while another person thinks nothing of it and reads on .
This person @MONTH1 enjoy the book and pass it on for others to enjoy .
If it was taken off the shelves because it offended the first person , no one would have the option of enjoying it .
Just because something is offensive to one person , does not mean it is offensive to everyone .
I believe that censorship in libraries is wrong .
There are many personal reasons why someone @MONTH1 be offended by something , but that doesnt mean it should be taken away from the general public .
People @MONTH1 miss out of a very good book or movie if it is removed from the shelves due to someone being offended by it .
If a person finds a book , for example , to be offensive , they can easily stop reading the book and pick another one .
No one is forcing them to read something they don't want to .
Also , the book @MONTH1 be very enlightening to another person , and removing it completely would be unfair to them .
Censoring the content in libraries is wrong .