Living in todays society there are many diffrent people and many diffrent outlooks on things , the world is a diverse place that should have no restrictions .
There are an uncountable number of diffrent ways people look at the world and ways that people percieve things .
To tell someone what they should and should not know is simple minded in the aspect that anyone can percieve a book , music , movie , or magazine diffrently .
@CAPS3 quote by Katherine Paterson , in short , metophorically uses a book and a shelf to let the reader comprehend the importance of information that is passed down from generation to generation .
The book represents the information in the world and the shelf stands for the the place the imformation is stored for one to go seek information .
To remove the book off the shelf indefinatly is to close the mind of a future generation .
It was once said ' you can not know your present without knowing your future . '
@CAPS1 the book @MONTH1 offend one reader it could also inspire another as well .
Everyone has a diffrent opinion and life style .
@CAPS1 @CAPS2 people are granted with better lifestyles than others , @CAPS2 are unfortunatly living everyday in struggle .
One book that @MONTH1 offend a person who thinks the book is harsh and should be taken off the shelf , could also inspire a young child going through struggle's to overcome there surroundings and be a better person .
I have read many books that did not interest me and passed them on to my sibligs and friends .
Shockingly the book interested them .
After interviewing my siblings and friend over the book it turns out that they got a diffrent message from the book than I .
No one thinks the same thoughts a hundred percent of the time .
'
@CAPS2 @MONTH1 argue that the glass is half empty while others argue it is half full . '
@CAPS3 quote is a perfect example of the minds of the world today .
Ultimatly if everyone thought the same then everyone would be the same person .
To 'leave no books left on the shelf for any of us ' is like programing a robot to only do what you say .
In such a diverse community it is impossible to remove any book off the shelf .
Living in todays society there many diffrent people and many diffrent outlooks on things , the world is a diverse place that should have no restrictions