Opinion I don't think they should be removed because in books tell you what it is about in the back .
Movies tell you what it is rated .
It is mom's or dad's fault .
They are the one how allow us to read it , watch it , listen to it , or even play it .
if they don't want us learn it then they should't even get for us and the reason they get it for us is because kids are spollied .
they want every little thing in the world and the parants are buying it for them to make them happy .
The parants are not the only ones to blame .
The kids are to blame to .
They are the ones how want to go the rated @CAPS1 movies or get a rated @CAPS2 video games that have offensive language .
kids also say offensive language to each other and suspect them to know what it means .
The kids that heard the bad word will go to there parants and say 'what those that word mean ' .
It happen to me and I said those words to my parants .
When I fist read , heard , and watched it and told my parants what it means I got hit for saying that word .
I thought to my self that they want to hear that from me .
I was mad that i ever said that word I wished I can go back in time and never say that to my parants that .
I don't know why I kept on saying it over and over .
i just couldn't get it out of my head .
I got in trouble by saying it just because I heard that stupid word that i wished never heard .
I heard it so many times I couldn't get out of my head it is like they knew what it ment but I knew they didn't know because they just said it randomly and I was preaty sure they didn't tell there parants because the one how told there parants got hit still woundering what it ment still having the red mark in there face thinking what they did wrong to deserve it .
when I found out what it ment i never said it for a long time till someone got me so mad i started to say it again .
Now the two opinions still stands how should we blame the parants or the kids , should we take down the stuff that is offensive to us so the kids will learn the bad words ?
The choose is yours not mine beacuse it was mine i would blame the kids and no we shouldn't take it down stuff that has offensive language because for a lot of us we don't find it offensive to us or others .
Just consider this 'what you decide people will be against it no matter what '