Libraries across the world are facing the obstacle of censorship .
Censorship has become a bigger deal in this day and age .
@CAPS4 can effect books , music , movies , magazines , and many more .
This posts the question is censorship a good thing or is @CAPS4 bad ?
Censorship allows certain books to be removed from the shelves of a library if a certain person finds the book to be offensive .
Everyone has there own opinion about things so why should that effect what we are allowed to learn ?
What one person finds offensive could be perfectly fine with everyone else .
Plus you are not being forced to @CAPS3 something you @CAPS1 ' @CAPS2 want to .
If you find @CAPS4 ofensive then one solution is very easy , @CAPS1 ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 !
Censorship not only effects the learner , @CAPS4 effects the writer .
Censorship takes away the one thing a writer has , there freedom of speech .
Writers create books , music , and magazine articles to voice there thoughts on topics , to show others how they see the world , and to show what might happened to them in their life .
Because writers do this , @CAPS4 makes a connection with the reader that they can understand and relate too .
Writers have a choice what they want to convey to the world and they should be given the privalge to do so .
Even if you are able to put a censorship on books and music at a library , you can ' @CAPS2 censor the internet .
The internet has become a place where anyone around the world can find websites that they like , where there are books , music , magazines , and even shopping stores .
A library is a public library just like the internet is public too .
Anyone should be able to acess @CAPS4 and enjoy what they like .
Putting censorship on things is almost equivilent to not letting a teacher teach because of there nationality or not letting our president give a speech because he is @CAPS5 .
Censorship is based on a opinion someone has .
@CAPS4 shouldn ' @CAPS2 effect the learners or the writers .
Censorship holds back the voice of society and the thoughts of everyday people .
Censorship should not even exist