Libraries are often thought of as a room full of books inside a school building .
On the contrary , they are all over the country , and are used by people of all ages .
Because of that , I feel that there should not be a restriction on what books a library puts on their shelves .
If the books and magazines are labeled , then a person can just stay away from what he or she finds offensive .
However , in the case of a school library , all the books of course should be age appropriate .
Just because you don't like it , doesn't mean you neighbor won't .
If someone find a movie ridiculous and inappropriate , that doesn't mean someone else will too .
Since all people are different , no one will like the same movies as the next person .
Therefor , a personally offensive movie should not be removed from the shelves and prevent the enjoyment of another individual .
That is the same with magazines , books , and anything available at a library .
Parental concern for their children is also a factor .
However , if a public library has a section of books or magazines that is found to be offensive by a parent of a young child , I do not think that should require the library to remove the book .
This is where I believe organization and limitations come in .
The adult books and magazines that might be offensive for children should be in a section in a separate room , or on a different level of the building .
That would prevent the accidental discovery by children .
Along with organization , I think there should be a limitation , so that if a child was to purposely walk into that section and grab a book that was not appropriate , or offensive to the parent , then they would not be able to check it out at the desk from the librarian .
Outside of public libaries , the school libraries have a different requirement in my opinion .
Elementary libraries of course , should contain no inappropriate material to any extent.All of the material in an elementary library should be strictly for education .
At that age , children are far too young for any form of adult humor or magazine article .
At the @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 @CAPS3 level , I think things should change a little , but should still be much more strict than a public library , and contain absolutely no offensive content .
I feel that magazines and joke books are welcome in the libraries of teenagers .
Nothing that would be inappropriate for the school rules though of course .
Public libraries are a place for children and adults alike to find a book or movie to entertain themselves , and everyone has a different opinion .
Because of that , there should be no restrictions in the public libraries , and you should be able to get the books or movies you want .
Within a school corporation the environment changes , and the rules must be changed as well .
Nothing offensive should be placed within a school library no matter how old the students are .
Libraries should not be required to remove books from their shelves .