Libraries hold more than just books , magazines , and movies ...
They hold history .
With out any doubt , there is offensive material printed on numerous pages spread through out the thousands of books and magazines a library holds .
Some find this terrible , but I on the other hand , completly disagree .
Every book has a different story to tell , and everyone comprehends the content differently so I think libraries shouldn't take out offensive material from their shelves .
What's really considered offensive ?
This question would be very hard to answer because everyone has a different veiw , different opinons , and a different background .
Some would say violence , drugs , gangs , and sexual situations are offensive ...
While others consider religion , beliefs , traditions , and morals offensive .
With all the different veiws on what someone finds offensive , a library would have to almost completly clean their shelves just to remove a small porportion of it .
There's many sections in a library , from fiction to children stories .
If there is an area for 'children books , ' and 'adult books , ' @CAPS1 can't there be one for materials some readers would find offensive ?
Libraries could even mark a book if it held something offensive.This would settle many conflicts !
If a reader chooses to read a book that was marked with offensive content , they would have no right to get upset .
Limiting our libraries shelves is unthinkable .
If someone got offended by what they read , they could put the book down just as fast as they picked it up .
A public library is a public place , where many people go ... so if one person gets offended by something they read or saw , doesn't mean the next person will .
Bottom line is , no book should be taking away because someone couldn't handle what was being sad .
'If I have the right to remove that book from the shelf - that work I abhor - then you have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS2 everyone's veiw on offensive material is different , eliminating it would be hard .
One person found this book offensive , so it's gone ...
The library would be pointless .
The shelves would empty , because the loss of many phenomenal books .
People do get offended , that's just life ...
I don't think that they should be able to take a book away from everyone just because of one person's opinon on it