Censorship has been the topic of many debates involving politicians , @CAPS2 activists , and the everyday citizen .
There are groups that believe the government has every right to censor anything that is considered offensive in today's society .
Some individuals could argue with this belief by supporting the statement that it is not the government's position to decide what is considered offensive and what is not .
I just so happen to agree .
One opinion , mainly supported by people with children , is that books , music , and movies ect .
should be censored to protect the younger generations .
While it is true that parents should be concerned with what their children are exposed to , if the offensive material that is involved in the everyday life of an adult is completely restricted from an individual as a child how is he or she expected to be prepared and excel in the future ?
Why do we go to school for atleast twelve years of our lives ?
We go to prepare ourselves for the challenges of being an adult .
We place ourselves in an environment that is specifically created to make us comfortable with the responsibilities of maturity .
If not properly exposed to something , there is absolutely no way to be prepared to encounter it in the future .
However , not all individuals support censorship because of their children .
There are adults that would like to see no more of today's offensive material for their selves than they would want their children to see .
My rebuddle to this is that if you do not want to see it then do not choose to see it .
No individual is ever forced to be exposed to anything in todays media .
Turn off the television if the program bothers you .
Do not read the book or magazine .
Change the radio station .
Every person is capable of controlling what they hear and see , and it is unnessecary to attempt to remove from society what could simply be ignored .
Lastly , one of the most consistent debates around censorship is that the government should control what is included in today's media .
Think back in @LOCATION1's history ; when has giving the government more power in our everyday lives ever been good for our society ?
The reason our forefathers founded our great country was to have the freedom they were isolated from in @LOCATION2 .
The @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 was created to insure that the government could not attempt to control what they had no right to control .
The freedom of speech is not just referring to what comes from an individual's mouth , but what goes into their eyes and ears as well .
The citizens of this great country are more than capable of deciding for theirselves what is offensive to them and what is not .
It is the government's duty to protect our country from other countries and groups of people who attempt to break it apart , but not to control what we see and hear .
Meeting and debates are held everyday to enhance the quality of our freedom and occasionally to gain more freedom .
I ask why some individuals would want to give one freedom we do have away ?
The @ORGANIZATION1 is one of the greatest countries ever to exist , yet we are too lazy to decide what we are exposed to in our everyday lives ?
It is time for our society to stop being nurtured by the government and start doing our own dirty laundry