Do you like what I like ?
Maybe and maybe not .
What is or not offensive to you compared to other varies on both ends .
Why ?
Everyone has their point of view .
You @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not agree and we have others who do not care .
There are many which includes : religious beliefs , having independence , and experimenting .
Religious beliefs are important would you not agree ?
Certain material in this world maybe offensive to their own kind .
Such as gay rights .
This @MONTH1 apply to everyone else that they are not accepting it .
For the ones who do accept it , you can tell they are open minded .
Unlike the rebels going against it that is their own state of mind .
I believe it is important you go along with your religious beliefs .
Independence is what we are or what we assume to have or already have .
Whether the music , movies , magazines , etc are offensive to others this has no effects to you .
Why ?
It is because you know what is right and wrong .
So what if all the non sense things @MONTH1 have caught your attention .
Should you take control and get rid of it ?
No .
It does not bother you .
You take it as it is , being independent .
Experimenting is self contained .
As simple as it is you do it or do not .
It is more than likey that people are/were under the influence .
I , myself , have been in that siutation before .
I 'm known to be the crazy child in the family .
My dad would always lecture me about being careful with who I hang with when I 'm out .
As a teenager I let those words pass by me .
I was always the youngest out of the people I hung out with .
Was I ever under the influence ?
Yes .
Did I ever get hurt ?
No .
I can and will say I experimented with life .
Does it hurt to observe or experiment with the bad ?
It usually varies .
Religious beliefs , it @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not be disrespectful .
To have independence , you are the one in control .
Experimenting , that is a choice on your own .
What is offensive to me @MONTH1 not be to you .
I have my own state of mind and so do you .