Banned books .
'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf - that work that I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
Katherine Paterson Author I believe and will stand by katherine's statement above .
Who @CAPS5 to say if a book @CAPS5 offinsive ?
People have a right to their oppinion , but i do not think any one has the right to take books away from a @CAPS1 library .
@CAPS1 library , the facts are in the name .
It @CAPS5 a @CAPS1 library , where people can go and find a book to pass time , a book to use on an @CAPS2 assignment , or a book to read to their child .
Taking a book off the shelves just because it offendid someone does not makes sense to me .
A person can pick up a book , be offended and complian about it , that @CAPS5 freedom of speech .
I do not see fault in that .
But when a person picks up a book , @CAPS5 offendid , and demand that the book per se @CAPS5 taken off the shelves of a @CAPS1 library .
That @CAPS5 when i have issues seeing where they think they have the right .
Katherine Paterson said in her text that 'If i have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work i abhor- then you aslo have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelve for any of us . '
@CAPS3't that a scary thought ?
If a person was offended by a book they could take it off the shelve at his or her own will ?
I fear the out come of that .
I am sure that a person could figure out something offensive about any book .
Taking books off the shelve @CAPS5 taking knowledge away from the people .
We as @CAPS4 have the right to read at our pleasure , any book that we have the slighest whim to read , and be able to read that book with out prosecution from a people that find the book in question 'offensive . '
The day we let people take books off the shelves because they offend them , @CAPS5 the day our first admendment fails .
As a nation we need to stand stron againts banning books from @CAPS1 libraries .
For our generation and for the many generations to follow .