One @MONTH1 subject the censorship of library content in certain places and times , whether fictional or not , to his or her own opinion .
I personally disagree with the concept .
The facts point out that society fears the dystopia predicted by publications exploring the outcome of similar campaigns and has instated systems designed to prevent such occurrences .
Certain examples stand in play to explicate my opinion .
Society , at least in my native @LOCATION1 and surely abroad in other democratic countries , dislikes enforced censorship for a few reasons .
First , many countries have a @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 and priviledges upheld in the face of the law .
Our founding fathers wrote out one of the documents establishing this trend on the prompting of the general public .
The first ten ammendments to our fine constitution , bundled as the @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 , resulted .
Some of the included statements ensure the freedom to speak as it publicly pleases us as citizens and the freedom to write , individually and collectively without boundaries .
The removal of these principles so ingrained in our nation's conscience would cause a general uproar .
We as a people instituted our government to preserve our freedoms , and we could prepare ourselves to replace it as implied in the @CAPS3 of @CAPS4 if so required of us to continue doing just that .
Secondly , publications such as the ones mentioned for banning rebuke the enforcement of opinion for its effects on society .
I can mention three books portraying this dystopic outlook on censorship .
'
@CAPS5 @NUM1 , ' required by state standards for one possible choice of reading assigned to us by my teacher , describes book burning and utmost uniformity between citizens .
'
@DATE1 , ' by @PERSON2 , I know describes a dystopia in which all citizens completely submit their will to and omnipotent ' @CAPS6 @CAPS7 , ' who utilizes omnicient surveillanceeven though I have not read the composition myself .
'
@CAPS8 @CAPS7 , ' a recent novel by @PERSON1 whose title employs a pun on the name of @DATE1's prime antagonist , weaves the exciting tale of an older teenager who tries to beat the system of surveillance from under the radar .
All , however , betray a sense of fear in their content , and that fear has transferred directly into local civilization .
In reviewing the aspects of censorship portrayed in its effects , the system itself reveals that the even the intended creation of a utopia and compliance through censorship @MONTH1 result in decline and misery throughout the area within which government or civil officials practice the method .
In any case , a more effective solution must exist today .
To prove the point , let me introduce some content advisory systems currently in place .
Libraries divide themselves into sections for the various age groups , and therefore create an inherent barrier between differing groups of content deemed appropriate only in the face of maturity .
The film and television industries rely on ratings displayed at various times during video to provide the same sort of psychological fence dividing content into pieces .
Even the video game industry , into which I plan to inject myself upon exiting college , has a system in place to separate existing media into tiered subcategories designed in a similar way to film ratings .
Different regions utilize different systems , but that of the @ORGANIZATION3 , or the @ORGANIZATION1 for the @ORGANIZATION2 , compares relatively well in ranking video games to the rest of the globe .
As explained , censorship already exists in a form accptable to all .
Nobody forces anybody to comply to the recommendations , but hopefully everyone does so on their honor .
Capable parents most definely follow the guidelines which have cropped up over the years .
Only if these methods of moderation were enforced would everyone be upset .
It's up to everyone to prevent a situation like unto the worst-case scenario and useresponsibly the systems available for this purpose