The ideas conveyed by literature , music , and movies are an art .
They can not be explained in any other way than themselves , and if we take away the right to produce or the right to sell these masterpieces , then the world loses something of itself .
Censorship is the underlying problem to many things .
It takes away the expression of human thought and emotion- emotions like greed , love , fear , and the ability to empathize that are conveyed in books and films .
If people think it's offensive , they simply can't take the truth .
Many people can only express themselves in their art- and art can be very real .
So real that we don't think that it's possible .
We don't want to believe something like 'The @CAPS1 ' could happen .
'The @CAPS1 ' is a short story in which kids get together and rob an old man's home .
Because this man is very rich , he has lots of material wealth .
Then they burn down the house with the man's belongings still in it .
Needless to say , this story has been banned from many schools and libraries .
But what many don't understand is why would the kids burn down the house .
Many think that the kids just want to see it burn , to destroy what is so cherished , or that the love of material things is making us greedy .
It is this that makes us think , and therein lies the problems with censorship .
If we censor something that makes us think this hard about who we are and what we do here , then we begin to lose ourselves .
The loss of books has been seen throughout history .
Most prominantly , the nazi regime .
In the beginning of their control of power , they banned certain books that went against the nazi ideals .
The censorship escalated into the nazis burning books in large piles .
This communal burning would make it easier to control the public mindset .
The movement swelled and the @CAPS3 people soon developed a national pride and goal .
By the @DATE1's , nearly every @CAPS3 who could read had read ' @CAPS5 @CAPS6 ' .
The censorship had turned into an all-out war on classical literature and the promotion of nazi ideas .
That was how @CAPS7 was actually voted in .
Many don't realize , but the @CAPS8 actually did vote @CAPS7 to be leader .
Now that the nazis had destroyed the publics ideals , they were replaced with the nazi's own .
The banning of media can only lead to a general lack of self knowledge .
The human mindset can only be expressed through the art which the human creates .
If we try to explain it , we soon get lost in our words .
The use of verbal and visual examples is the only way we learn who we are .
Censorship has never ended in something good- only the promotion of something bad .
If we let our media get banned , we lose the right to have ideas of our own .