Culture and history are two very important aspects of the world .
Liraries are placs that house these very things for the enjoyment of all who visit them .
This is why i believe libraries should not censor any of their materials .
Learning has always been and will be a key aspect of living and libraies offer this to people freely !
How can one take that freedom away from another ?
Not all things in the world and history are perfect and have occured in the ideal way .
However , subjects such as slavery , the @CAPS1 , and other controversial topics must be known about .
These horrible happenings @MONTH1 offend some but they can not be erased from the past .
Learning is natural to humans yet we always try to fight it .
It is not right to hide the truth .
Some people are easily offended and some are not .
But the true question is , 'who is to say what is offensive ? '
.
There are people who believe that discussing @CAPS2 in the christian religion is offnsive and others who believe any type of homosexuality is also .
Yet there are still others whose believes directly contradict these .
Libraries must maintain all types of material becuase their purpose is to hold knowledge and not just what people want to know .
How can we make better decisions in the future if we do not recognize what has occured in the past ?
Removing information from the library because it is offensive is essentially depriving people solutions to problems .
All aspects of culture and history should be preserved so that we can know where we came from , the mistakes we made , and how we plan to fix our new ones !
History has never been in the control of man .
In conclusion , libraries should not censor any of their materials .
What has happened in the past can not be changed or altered to fit our ideal visions .
And by doing this we deprive future generations of information that could potentially be useful .
We must never forget who we are as a people , and where we came from .
Our knowledge and ability to learn is our greatest asset and must be treasured .