People of all ages have the right to read any material that they want @CAPS1 or other family members @MONTH1 tell their children not to read about a certain topic .
Those children will either listen to their @CAPS1 or not .
If these children do not listen , we need to do something about it .
We need to have rules in libraries .
Children do not need bad influences in thier lives.Adults have the right to keep children away from this information .
Leaders of a library have many different sections in their library .
Children and adults both have thier own sections as well as teens .
These groups of people have a right to choose what material it is that they want to read , watch , or listen to .
I believe that if we make the sections have an age limit we can prevent children from finding bad information .
Right now , children can read this information at any time .
Adults can eliminate it .
Children in libraries should be supervized .
Too many books are about drugs , sex , or pregnancy .
Reading this material @MONTH1 give off bad information to a child .
Children are not old enough to be learning about sex .
@CAPS1 should be the first to tell thier child about sex .
Young children know about drugs and know that those drugs are harmful .
Children learn about drugs in movies , books , and can hear about them in music .
Many books deal with pregnacy as well .
Learning about pregnancy make them think how that women got pregnant with a child .
Those children then start to ask other adults and children .
Children can also read or listen about gun violence .
Children read about gangs and think that it is cool .
They then want to play with toy guns and pretend that they are in a gang .
This information is very harmful and should not be allowed to children .
After some children read about it they get thier friends involved .
This information can spread across the school .
Violence is very harmful for children .
Librarians are not in control of the material people wish to read .
If that library has offensive material it is their job not to let that material get into a young persons hands .
They should be able to have strict limits on age apropriate material .
If a child tries to check out a book and it seems to be over their age limit , they should not be allowed to have the book .
The sections that they @MONTH1 find harmful information should be closed to young children .
Children in libraries should be supervized .
Books about drugs , sex , or pregnacy @MONTH1 not be allowed for children to read .
Violence in books seem to spread across schools .
Adults can help prevent harmful information from all children .