Censorship is the most foul and terrifying part of society .
Our lives have been taken over by politcal correctness , so much so that our voices are no longer our own .
Until recently we had the freedom to convey our thoughts , no matter what those thoughts were , in any form of media .
But now if something is found to be offensive in any way it is essentially burned .
Censorship limits our freedoms , takes away our @CAPS2 as citizens and people , shields us from the truths of the world , and limits the knowledge we can take from , as well as ensuring that one day there will be nothing left of media .
The @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 , the document that our country lives by , says that we as people have the right of free speech .
Censorship actively and violently violates that right .
Our country was built on free speech , and now it is being taken away .
Our own words forced down our throats , never allowed to come out .
Censorship ensures that no opinions will be heard , that no one's beliefs will be questioned , that no one can assume or think for themselves .
Is this not what we are supposedly guaranteed by freedom of speech ?
We are supposed to be able to say anything we want to say .
We know there are consequences for saying certain things , but we are supposed to be allowed to say them .
Letting our own ideas into the world allows for new ideas to form .
Arguements come , but these arguements allow people to see other ideas that they hadn't thought of and look at issues from new perspectives .
We are able to see our world through different eyes when we hear or read someone else's opinions .
And from there we can form our own opinions , allowing our world to be rich with iddeas and knowledge , and allowing our society to advance .
But censorship wants to take this all away from us in order to please everyone .
But there will always be someone who is unhappy .
It's the inevitable truth .
Censorship is trying to shield us from the ugliness of this world .
In a way this makes sense .
We don't want our children to understand the atrocities that happen in everyday life .
We don't want them knowing what's happening behind closed doors .
However , if we don't allow people to open these doors , they can never understand the world or be prepared for the experiences that are to come .
Learning the harsh realities of our society educates people , allowing them to stop these realities as well as be prepared for when they happen to them .
For example , let's look at the issue of rape .
Rape is a horrible thing , but it happens .
It is a nasty part of reality .
Rape can be censored from books , televsion , and other forms of media .
We can walk around pretending rape doesn't exist .
But that doesn't accomplish anything .
That doesn't get rid of rape .
It still exists .
And if the people are uneducated on the issue of rape , how will it ever stop ?
How will a rape ever be able to be prevented ?
How will someone know what to expect or what to do ?
By censoring rape from media , we are ensuring that the people in future generations never learn about rape .
Knowledge of rape is important if it is ever going to be stopped .
Pretending something doesn't exist doesn't get rid of it .
Censorship is supposed to protect the people , but it doesn't .
It hurts the people , cutting off their access to knowledge .
We as people need knowledge .
We live off of knowledge .
And the way we obtain this knowledge is through media .
Censorship takes away pieces of knowledge gradually .
It @MONTH1 not seem like a lot is missing now , but as time goes on the gap will increase , and more knowledge will be taken from our grasp .
Is this fair ?
Is this right ?
Is this helping us ?
How does cutting out knowledge ever help ?
It brings us backwards in time , makes us fear .
It is human nature to fear the unknown .
The more that becomes unknown , the more we have to fear .
Censorship is taking away crucial pieces of knowledge that we must understand to get along in society .
This is wrong and immoral .
It is unfair , if nothing else .
We should be allowed to take from any knowledge that exists .
No good comes from hiding it .
Lastly , this gradual burning of knowledge is affecting society in horrid ways .
And as time goes on it can only get worse .
Censorship is based off of offensiveness .
If something could be offensive , it is disposed of .
However , everything that exists in society could be offensive to someone .
Therefore everything and everyone should be censored in order to fulfill the goal of censorship .
This means all media of any kind should be destroyed .
No one should say anything .
The world would be forced to be silent .
All knowledge would be taken away .
Chaos would ensue .
The people's freedom would be completely taken away .
The freedom to know would vaporize right in front of their eyes .
This is our future if we allow the censorship to continue .
We can not allow our lives to be taken over by censorship .
Yes , people's feelings will be hurt , but we can not rid our world of ideas and knowledge purely to spare feelings .
These ideas and knowledge are too important to let censorship take away .
Censorship is taking away our freedoms and @CAPS2 , slowly stealing them away from us .
It also tries to shield us from reality , but instead hurts us , ensuring that we will never understand our world and never be able to stop the very things that are being censored .
Censorship is affecting society , ensuring that our freedoms are to be taken away .
All knowledge will be trashed and no one will be able to voice their opinions .
A very dark future waits for us if censorship continues .
Only by helping people to understand censorship and the wrong it does to society can we gain back our freedom of speech ; the freedom we are supposedly guaranteed , but censorship is desperately trying to take away .