To @CAPS1 it @DATE2 concern , @CAPS2 in life has to deal with something offensive towards them at least once .
It @DATE2 be swear words in a popular song , or even people's behavior and actions on a regular basis .
Be that as it @DATE2 , nobody was made perfectly , and we all have to learn to cope with people's flaws .
The library is for everyone ; not just you specifically .
Just like people's personalities we have to deal with different things that fit those specific personalities .
@PERSON1's quote said , 'But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf ... then you also have exactly the same right ... ' @CAPS3 is a strong and truthful accusation , and I believe that things in a library should should have some censorship , but up to a specific point .
We all realize that the biggest population of people in a library -- and perhaps the most innocent -- are children .
Each parent has different values and standards for their child .
What @DATE2 be offensive to one parent @DATE2 not be to another .
If one mother thinks a book that talks about something she believes to be inappropriate to her children should be removed , another mother @DATE2 not .
The first mother's opinion is different than everyone else ; she could say she wanted @CAPS3 book removed from the library , but then so could the second mother about a different book .
If everyone voiced their opinion on what books they didn't think were appropriate for their children , then we would 'have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
according to Katherine Paterson .
I believe she is right .
Besides , who is to say what is right for everyone ?
Not one person has the same morals or values as another .
For one person to declare what is right could highly offend another individual .
I have dealt with situations like @CAPS3 before ; everyone has .
People tell me what they believe to be right , and I do not agree with them .
It is simply a matter of everyday life ; people's opinions and morals are going to clash .
Eveyone is different , and if one person doesn't like a certain magazine in the library , another person @DATE2 not like a different one .
If we were to all voice our own opinion on what we want censored and what we don't , nothing would be left .
The library shelves would be completely empty .
Even though everyone has different opinions on what should stay and what should go , I do believe that there should be some censoring up to a certain point .
Taking into account everyone's diversification in @CAPS3 world , I do believe that there should be censorship up to a certain point .
If something is in a book that a good majority of the population are against , I believe that the book , or books should be removed .
I am not saying that because a couple of people weren't for a certain artist from the @DATE1 that it should be taken away at once .
If it is a major issue that highly offends many people , it should not be in a public library .
Libraries are for obtaining information , and for reading ; not for brewing up offensive opinions on certain topics .
There should be a certain limit on what is in a library , because there are things out there people really shouldn't be seeing or hearing .
But it shouldn't get to the point where people can just remove books from the shelf at their own free will .
Without some limit on censorship in a library , absolutely anything could be found there .
When we think of a library we don't think of things that are offensive .
People view the library as a positive place , created for people's own personal enjoyment .
That doesn't mean that we will never find something that @DATE2 offend us in some way there , but people should not be able to just remove books from the shelf because they don't agree with their morals .
@CAPS2 is different , and nobody has the right to tell them what exactly is right or wrong , up to a certain point .
I know from experience that it can be a tough thing to ignore sometimes , but we all seem to do it everday with the people around us ; we can't just choose to get rid of them .
@CAPS2 wants to be comfortable , but sometimes we just have to deal with things in life like a book we don't deem appropriate .
So I believe that in a way , an excessive amount censorship on things in a library can be a bad thing .
If we all could get rid of what we wanted in a library , there would be nothing left .
Afterall , I wouldn't mind walking into a library with shelves full of magazines and books , instead of one completely empty .
Thank you .