Libraries are ment for all types of books , movies , music , magazines .
It gives you a variety of things to look at or even check out .
An offensive book or movie or even music shouldnt be taken off the shelf just because it has a few bad things in it .
People @MONTH1 or @MONTH1 not agree with this , but everyone is entitled to their own opinion .
Through my own experiences , observations , and the reading I will help and explain my own opinion in why i dont think offensive books , movies , music , and magazines should not be taken off the shelf .
If a book is offensive it does not deserve to be taken off the shelf .
Somebody most likley worked hard on that book so it could be put on to the shelf .
If you find a book offensive it should be put off into a different section that tells you in head of time what books are in that section .
I have not had any real experiences with this but I know people are awear of what are in the books before they 're put onto the shelf and would therefore not put anything offensive next to a childrens book .
Same thing with music and @CAPS1's .
Music is music and it is there to be listened too .
People like all types of music and have their favorite bands so if they dont like certain bands because they swear or whatever doesn't mean that album deserves to be taken off the shelf .
@CAPS1's usually have the rating on the front so if it is not appropriate for your age than dont pick it up .
If it has nudity or sexual content it will tell you or be put in a different section .
For instance at my old library where I used to live in @LOCATION1 , @LOCATION2 they would put all rated @CAPS2 movies into a different section and if you were going to check it out you would have to be @NUM1 or older or have a parent with you .
It is really all up to the person , they could either make the right choice or the wrong choice .
It's not the libraries fault if you pick up an offensive book because well , you should have some common sense .
The libraries shouldnt have to take offensive things off the shelfs because some people lack common sense or just dont know what they are doing .
They could make more of an effort too kind of seperate bad from good , wrong from right , and even appropriate to non appropriate .
But it is usually all up to the person making that decesion .
- @PERSON1