Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
I disagree with Katherine Paterson's statement because there is a @CAPS1 to @CAPS2 and the @CAPS1 to Write .
The author obviously had a purpose to write the novel , compose the music , or to deliver the movie .
There will always be items that will be offensive to some people , but to others there is a meaning behind it .
The @CAPS1 of @CAPS5 gives everyone the right to speak what is on their mind .
That @CAPS1 allows them to publish whatever they have to say in a novel , a piece of music , or in a movie .
Sure there @MONTH1 be some parts that @MONTH1 be inappropriate somewhere in a novel , piece of music , or a movie , but that doesn't mean the whole item will be inappropriate .
Some people might think some things can be offensive while others don't at all .
There maybe somethings out there in this world that you @MONTH1 think are offensive , but have you stood up and told that company yourself ?
Being able to put down anything on paper that you want everyone to know about is the @CAPS1 to write .
With that you can't be told not to do so .
For example , the ' @CAPS6 ' magazine maybe offensive to an abundent number of parents who don't want their kids to look at it , but that magazine isn't intended for children to look at .
That magazine's purpose is to show adults what is all out there to buy to make their appearance sexy .
It's not to be offensive to anyone and that company has the @CAPS1 of write to publish such a thing .
The @CAPS1 to write serves its own purpose to all of the writers , composers , directors , and anyone who wants to write in a journal or to write a note .
I bet there has been a novel , a piece of music , or a movie that you just love .
Well within it there most likely was a piece of information that was inappropriate , but would you like to see that taken off of the shelf ?
For example , I once read a series when I was in middle school that had inappropriate content about sexual interaction , but that series is what every girl wanted to read .
If they would have taken them off the shelf because they were not appropriate then I know plenty more novels that would be gone as well .
What would you say if there was nothing left on the shelves to read , listen to , or to watch ?
Without items such as books we could have a hard time learning new stuff all the time .
These are the items that teach us new things everyday .
Would you be able to enjoy your life without being able to read , watching movies or @CAPS7 shows , or listening to music ?
It would be a very hard thing to get used to in today's society .
We rely on such things @NUM1 to get us through the day and teach us things we were never taught .
Disagreeing with the quote that Katherine Paterson stated is one way to use @CAPS1 of @CAPS5 by stating my view of removing inappropriate items off of shelves .
Removing items of the shelves won't solve the proplem of having too much inappropriate usage in today's society .
If everything that had some kind of inapporpriate content in it removed from shelves , we would have a hard time finding a novel to read , music to listen to , a magazine to enjoy , and a movie or @CAPS7 show to watch .
Lots of schools rely of books to read and without a book childrens vocabulary could have a great downfall .
Think about it ... what would you be able to do in your free time if we had no more books , movies , magazines , or music