I believe that the books , music , movies , magazines should be removed if they are really offensive .
Just because it's offensive to one person doesn't mean that it would be to another person .
Any movie you watch could be offensive to one person or two but , not everyone .
So I would say no to taking the offensive things off the shelfs because , who is really going to be offened by and are they really offened by this matter or aspect .
Also , I believe that some people might lie about if they are offened by it just so that they will take it off the self .
Maybe , there is a movie for example , that there is a lot of bad words , I could see them being able to take that off the self because , a lot of people don't like those words to be used and thats understandable .
If they are just taking it off the self tho for one little thing I don't think that should be aloud .
I think that if that person is getting offened by what a book said or a movie said then don't read it or don't watch it .
No body is forcing you to watch or read a book that you don't want to .
Reading and watching a certain movie is all up to you not what others say .
I believe that this really has to go down to what the persons beliefs are .
Maybe they go to church every day which means that they probably aren't going to be watching the movie ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 . '
They are going to pick a movie more suitiable to their life style and what their use to .
Maybe they had a friend that suggested that they should watch a movie and they did , they might have taking offensivness to that , but that was also there choice they didn't have to watch it .
If this was the case to take a book , movie , music out because someone was offened then there would be nothing left .
Are you saying that you would listen to everyone if they came in to get a book and then came back and said ' this book offened me , I want you to take it off the self . '
I 'm sorry but , I 'm having a hard time believing that your going to listen to every single person that comes in a says that .
Also , @CAPS3 do you know it was offensive to them are you going to have them show you what was the problem with this book ?
My guess is no because you don't want to deal with that many people about one or two maybe even five books .
I 'm not saying that people don't get offened by somethings that books and movies say but , your going to have a lot more then just one person come in and say that there are more then just one book or movie .
so then there would be no books left .
What if you have someone come in and they request that they have a certain movie and you say ' @CAPS4 , I 'm sorry we had to take that movie off the self because , it offened someone . '
I have a feeling that person is not going to be happy and you will have some explaining to do .
Also , what if a person comes in and asks for something and you tell them that you had to take it down and they say that it was a very nice movie are you going to listen to them also if you listen to one person don't you think that its fair if you listen to the other person also that likes the movie .
I am a person that believes theres two parts to every story .
So , therefore , I think that you should listen to both sides or keep what you have if that person wants to take it off the self then do it but , if someone asks for that specific one then I would let them have it because that isn't going to hurt the person that got offened by the book or movie is it .
Therefore , I think that they should keep the books , movies and music all on the seleves unless more then one person complains then it would be a different story .