Movies is to popcorn as music is to headphones .
Right ?
It is all fun and games until someone's innocence is completely destroyed .
The simplest forms of entertainment are being minipulated by today's world .
Many of the children in our modern society are quickly becoming conditioned and used to seeing and reacting to media found in the everyday store , shop , or library .
The innocence of the youth today is slowly being destroyed by the subliminal messages found in music , magazines , and movies .
The messages are all the same in each type of media : sex , drugs , and violence .
The world of music has evolved so much over the past decades of time .
We go from jazz , disco , funk , rock , hard rock , to hip- hop/rap .
All of these types belonging to a certain decade .
But in our era , the music industry is exploding with rap and hip- hop music .
This type of music is triggered towards the three ideas of sex , drugs , and violence .
Almost every song that is heard today on the radio or on your iPod will most likely have something to do with one of those three .
The sense of being so naive and so innocent is broken after listening to these songs everytime the radio is on .
The youth does not need to be listening to this whatsoever and therefore , parents should be more aware about what their children are listening to and should think more about the effects that the media has on them .
Recently , more and more people are turning to articles and segments of works to read instead of the 'good old fashioned ' novels .
The novels that were written before our era are clean and nonexplicit .
But today , literature has gone down a new course .
More and more , @ORGANIZATION1 companies are becoming less tradional and more upfront about topics that are sexual , violent , or drug related .
For example , in @ORGANIZATION1 , you will see articles strictly pretaining to sex-like actions .
Possibly on the other side of the page , you will see an ad for @CAPS1 cigarettes .
Soon enough , kids are going to think that everything they are seeing and looking at will be okay and soon act upon it .
The libraries that are offering these magazines for rental should restrict children from reading them due to the lack of modesty and morals found in these magazines .
There has always been a sense of subliminal messaging throughout the development and evolution in the cinematic world of movies .
Movies are a timeless object of entertainment .
But recently , the subtle or blunt 'hints ' of sex , drugs , and violence is portayed in almost all movies offered in the box office today .
There have been those action packed movies where there is all the fighting and the blood and the punching .
Then there are the sappy movies where all it seems the main characters do is have emotional fights that are soon resolved by a session of steamy sexual actions .
These types of movies are offered in libraries nationwide and are easily accessible to children .
The youth of our country do not need to be seeing all of these actions and hearing these messages .
In no way , shape , or form is this morally correct .
All in all , library censorship is very weak .
The people who organize and let this kind of media float around for kids to pick up have some moral issues that need to be checked .
The more times a child reads , listens , or watches media with subliminal or blunt messages about sex , drugs , and violence , the more they are going to think it is okay to act and do these actions .
All sense of innocence is destroyed and children are not children anymore