As a student at a public school , the libraries that I and many other students have access to are censored to an extent .
With our library being censored I do not feel that the public library should be .
Why is censorship a conflict in need of discussion ; every book found on a shelf is a part of history so every author that was good enough to get published should be able to have their book on a shelf .
While school libraries are already censored for their age group ; I feel that public libraries should not be censored for the plain reason that you , your gaurdian , but also the library has control over what they find age appropriate .
If disliking the book is a problem ; then put it back .
Find something more common towards your own interest .
Some things @MONTH1 be considered inappropriate as many things are , but at the same time each person has their own limits to this .
While someone @MONTH1 dislike a teen magazine because of how it effects youth , another @MONTH1 find it inspiring .
If every person found a way to rate things according to their own taste , there would be nothing left on the shelves ; as Katherine Paterson expressed in her quote .
When you enter a public library ; it is divided into sections according to interest , age , author , ect ..
When you enter a school library it is done according to fiction , non-fiction and author .
Censorship amoung public libraries is not needed .
Adults , students , and childeren all go to a public library .
So , as the case @MONTH1 be why would you censor a library that goes for all ages .
I feel that yes an @CAPS1 , or @CAPS2 school library should not contain the same content as a @CAPS3 school library .
But a public library , is for the public .
Hints the name .
In conclusion , if even more censorship was done to public libraries , libraries would be used less than they already are .
Some of the content in public libraries can't be found in school libraries , but also adults wouldn't be able to find the content needed for their own interests , jobs , or even schooling .
So as the fact @MONTH1 be that some things @MONTH1 seem innappropriate to certain age groups , it can help someone in a completely different age group .