Offensive @CAPS1 @CAPS1 .
Books , music , magazines , movies , commericals .
Is it right to have all types of @CAPS1 shown to all ages ?
I disagree .
A variety of people could take offense to the content this @CAPS1 contains .
I think that there should be a designated area , or all the alarming @CAPS1 should be removed so everyone can be at peace when they are at the library , or just watching television in their own home .
Even though some people @MONTH1 not take offense to any type of @CAPS1 , you have to think about the parents .
A majority of parents would not want their children to be surrounded by all the effects that this @CAPS1 brings .
Some content @MONTH1 not be suitable to younger kids .
Whether it be going to the movies or just going to the library , children can see all the violence and misbehaving going on in the world today .
I believe that drugs , alcohol , and curse words have a big influence on kids these days .
I think it is our responsibilty to protect them until they are at an age they can make their own judgements .
Religion .
Our religion plays a big part on what we think is right or wrong .
I was taught to always treat people with respect and to try my hardest to get along with others .
A lot of the @CAPS1 contradicts what I have been taught .
If you see something on television with your favorite actor or actress on it , we tend to believe it is acceptable behavior .
If you have ever been to a movie theater , you know they have certain ratings .
The ratings are there to protect younger kids from getting into adult movies .
They enforce this rule to an extent , but I don't think they enforce it enough .
At the least , libraries and movie rental places could have a designated area for adult rated content to respect those who disagree .
A few years ago when my little sister was about two or three , she was watching a movie with me and it had a few curse words in it .
She had never heard them that often and wasn't sure what they meant .
For the next couple of days , she went around saying the word and my parents weren't very happy .
She had no idea she was doing anything wrong because she heard it on a movie and if they could say it , then she could too .
Children sometimes don't know any better and if they would happen to say it to a stranger , they would be offended .
@CAPS1 can be harmless , but it can also be offensive .
The safest way to keep the new generation respectful , is to shield them when they are young so that they can learn what is right and what is wrong .
When they come out into the real world , they won't be difficult to put up with and will have proper manners .
No one will ever agree on the same things , but in the end , we need to do what is right for the betterment of our community .