When you go into a library have you ever seen the many subjects people write about ?
Some from their own experience and some made up .
I personally disagree that offensive books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed .
The authors or producer of these sort of entertainment were made to be read , hear or watched by people that are interested in them !
Also if the libraries are having diffculties with the complainments towards the offensive materials they should just make a separate section .
To begin with , why are books , music , movies , and magazines produced for ?
Easy one !
To entertain us ; to expand our knowledge on things ; to let us have intrest .
If none of these things were invented , life would be boring , now i 'm not saying we need these offensive materials , i 'm saying it's there so we can think bigger about topics instead of them same-o-same-o .
Producer produced 'offensive ' material to catch attention and to be read , not so they can sit on the far back of library where nobody goes just because it has some things others @MONTH1 not like .
If you don't like those type of things , stay away from them , don't bother reading or listening to them !
Why should libraries stop the people that made those things from making money ?
Does that seem right to you ?
It's bad enough they 're sencond guessing if they 're good enough to be shelve worthy .
There's many books out there that are horible and a waste of time reading it , so should they be removed to ?
Think about that one .
Secondly , I disagree with the removal of these type of materials because libraries could always make a separate section .
It @MONTH1 cost money , but what's more better loosing tons of costermers or finding extra room ?
Libraries are very big already and i 'm sure they could find a little bit more room , they separate everything into genres already .
Although I see where others come from about removing these kinds of materials from shelves .
There @MONTH1 be some cautious parents that don't want their children exposed to that sort of stuff .
Teenagers especially , they @MONTH1 get ideas of the language and scenes from these sort of stuff .
I once read a story about a man that read a book one of his old pals from college wrote about killing women and teering there inside out , this man got a idea to do it to his mother .
He beat his mom and cut her body open , leaving the insides on the outside lawn .
The man is in jail now and the book was removed from shelves .
Still I don't think it should have been removed because an imature , ignorate person thought it would be cool to do it .
The book was made up and the guy was most likely dellusional and sick in the head to do it .
And because of his actions and author has to suffer from money lost and big waste of his time and effort he put into it .
In conclusion no type of material should be removed because it has been found offensive .
Some people just have ignorance to not understand the books , music or movies was made for entertainment for those who like that kind of stuff exposed .
Like i 've said recently it was made to be either read ; heard ; or watched .
A separate section would be a great idea .