They should be aloud to be removed because some books are offensive .
Even if they are offensive they can teach young teenagers about their past .
The books could be about the kkk or the @ORGANIZATION1 .
Some young teens like to read books like this so they can learn and see what people went threw .
The books could be a school assignment .
The way i see it is if your teenage child is interested in the history or the violence of the past you should allow them to read what they want .
Some book such as @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS6 are great to read for school assignments .
These @CAPS6 book's are very helpful to read because you can learn about your history and about the wars at the same time .
I think if your child checks a book out from the library he or she should return it in a week .
The library should give the child a certain amount of time to return the book .
If the child dose not return the book in that amount of time they should charge them for every day it is late .
If the book is damaged they shud charge who ever checked that book out .
The book shud be in the condition it was in when it left so other people can check it out after its returned .
the library should keep certain books at the library such as the bible and collage books .
The libary should allow @CAPS6 books to each person .
Instead of three or four this would keep books on the shelfs .
It would also keep people from loosing books .
I think people under twenty @CAPS3 should not be aloud to check out movies or music .
I think they should have to show i.d .
to prove there over twenty @CAPS3 .
there should be more rules then just being quit in the library they should make people start keeping books at the library and only allow them to take home @CAPS3 or @CAPS6 books .
For instance i check out @CAPS3 book every week and return the @CAPS3 i checked out the same day i go to get a new @CAPS3 .
I only check out the book i really want to read and i read it and return it .
The magazines should never be checked out .