Censorship in libraries ?
Is it a problem ?
Should we fix this 'problem ' or is it for the good ?
People of different culture , background , and life could be profound by these articles in readings .
Can these books be offensive ?
They could be offensive to some but to others only educational .
Statements have been made all over the world of people speaking on what they believe is right or wrong .
How many people believe that censorship in libraries is really offensive and should be removed from libraries ?
Who really are the victims when books and magazines are being thrown off the shelves ?
The author of that specific article that's who .
If it is said that every reading that comes off offensive should be taken off the shelves , then what would be left on them .
Some people @MONTH1 take romances being offensive or comedy or horror .
Romance could be hurtful to someone only because they maybe just got out of an relationship , or comedy because they are miserable and don't know how to laugh anymore or know what happiness is .
Who knows ?
Opinions such as these would be only terrible for business but also terrible for the educational and history part of life itself .
People of different races and cultures @MONTH1 have another opinion on the situation of censorship .
From all over the world there are cultures spreading throughout .
Born into a religion could be a huge affect on what their outcome is on a book , magazine , or a movie .
Movies of past experiences or massacres that happened to a cultrue @MONTH1 be difficult for some people of that culture to take in .
The normal response to a movie such as that would be to become angry or frustrated .
Only for others it is an oppertunity to learn what those people went through and grieve for the loss of the people during that time .
To support the people who made it through those heart breaking times and become a friend to them and learn more about them , their culture , and way of life .
Have you seen protests arouse before you ?
Anywhere in the world ?
On television , hear it on the radio , or see it in the newspaper .
Everyone has most likely seen this type of protest or attack on the opinion of another person .
There have been protest in the past of the freedoms of a person or even race .
If everyone begins to complain and argue of what is being put on shelves in libraries .
What will come of our world ?
What will we know about the past ?
What will we begin to predict for the future ?
Anyone , and even I can make observations of the acts going on around us .
In my experience , I have seen of attacks being struck upon people who only put a picture in the newspaper , or a small article spoke out on television .
Who are we to say that everything needs to be removed off the shelves in libraries ?
These are just people who have been hurt and don't want to relive that experience .
Overall , my opinion on if censorship in libraries should be extinguished .
I believe the answer is no , every person in the world is going to be upset , hurt , or broken about something at least a million times in their life time from now on .
Whether it be in books , music , movies , magazines , or anything else .
They just need to understand that without any one person's culture that there would be no history of life before us