I believe that everyone's opinion deserves to be publicized fairly .
Just because one person's view is considered to be right , doesn't mean another is wrong .
What is offensive to one person @MONTH1 be informative to another .
I 've read a lot of books that parents @MONTH1 not pick out for their children .
In reading these books I see that there is no glamour in doing drugs or getting in trouble with the law .
For some teens , books like these can show them the side of life they haven't experienced and find that they never want to .
If a book is too explicit for children , simply place the book in another section .
I realize that there are books with graphic sexual details , and those should only be premitted to be checked out by adults .
Parents should have concerns about their children's innocence .
But I also believe that they should watch over what type of books they 're reading too monitor the vulgarity of them .
Some @CAPS1 contain profanity or sexual induendoes , some contain praise and worship , others even have screaming .
Any of thses type of musics can be found offensive by someone .
That doesn't mean to run off and hide all of them .
There 'd be no @CAPS1 left .
Not everyone shares the same opnions in this world , therefore there should be equal opportunity for people to read , watch , or listen to whatever suits them .
I 'm not saying that there should be a stock of porn in the library , but if there are movies or books about shunned religions or beliefs then they should be just as welcomed as the ones about common religions and beliefs .
Everyone finds different things offensive .
If there was a bible in the library and someone found it offensive , should it be removed ?
It's one of the most popular books in the world , yet some people still find offense by it .
Someone who is mormon , muslim , or athiest might find offensive if there is nothing in the library about them because some people find it offensive .
The library is a place of knowledge , not judgement .
I dont't believe that certain books should be removed from the library if they offend someone .
If you don't like something that is at the library , don't rent it .
If you don't want your children to , don't let them .
Simple as that .
Everyone is entiled to freedom of speech .
Authors express themselves through books and articles , directors through movies , and musicians through their music .