Every parent wants to protect their child's innocence .
They do not want their children to come in contact with things that might influence their decisions .
The truth is though that they are going to run into these types of things eventually , whether it be from other kids at school , what they see on television , or what they see on the @CAPS1 .
It is their choice as of what decisions they are going to make , so I do not think libraries should be censored due to the content of the material .
One reason libraries should not be censored is because nobody is forcing a person to pick up material that might have offensive content .
It is all about choices .
There are a lot of other options on the shelves that do not include such topics .
Some people @MONTH1 want to read or watch something with such content .
Taking these pieces out of libraries would not be fair to them .
People should have the option to read or watch what they wish .
Censoring libraries would take away these people's right to such topics .
Another reason libraries should not be censored is that eventually nothing would be left .
As Katherine Paterson said , 'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS2 is a very true statement .
After one censoring , people might still think topics are inappropiate , and the libraries would have to be censored again and again until there is nothing left .
People eventually will not be able to use libraries .
Losing libraries as an option will cause people to lose their right to that resource .
A final reason that libraries should be left uncensored is the difference of opinions .
What @MONTH1 be offensive to one person might not be to another .
How would what should be gotten rid of and what should not be decided ?
It would be much easier to just leave the people to make their own decisions on what okay to read and watch and what is not .
Nobody is forcing people to pick up a book or magazine that is going to offend them .
If you do not like what is being discussed , do not read or watch it .
It is as simple as that .
There are many more reasons libraries ' content should not be censored , but here are three reasons that are obvious .
Censoring libraries are going to eliminate a person's choice .
It will cause problems , as to what is appropiate and what is not .
Eventually libraries will have nothing left .
Of course every parent wants to protect their child , but eventually they are going to grow up and have to make their own choices .
Censoring libraries is not going to stop children from learning about offensive things .
All you can do as a parent is raise them well and hope that you have taught them right from wrong .