Everyone loves to take their little children to the library and pick out all kinds of book to to read , but what if your child picks up that one book that , lets say just isn't want you want them reading .
Then what do you do ?
Take the book from them ?
Look for more and just let it let ?
Well you can not blame the library for having the book .
Or say you see books you do not like on the shelve at @ORGANIZATION1 .
Not only books but music or movies .
Even if you find it offensive , someone else might not .
It should not be a big issue at all because not everyone thinks alike , some of those books , music , or movies could have great information for others , and also every book , music , or movie has its purpose .
Although you @MONTH1 not see it everytime it is something that you do not like .
Wow , the world would be SO boring if everyone liked the same music , read the same books , or just watched the same movie over and over again .
Eveyone has the right to chose what they like and enjoy watching , reading or listening to .
The libraries and stores also should have the right to put whatever they want on their shelves .
Yes , somethings are not approite for others , such as yonuger kids but it does not matter .
You as a parent should do your best to keep them away from those things you do not want them to see or hear .
Another thing is that just because you do not like something or think it is stupid does not mean that another person does not love it !
Not your averge teenage girl is going to want to read about building a house or listen to music from the @NUM1's , but does that mean that stores should not sale them ?
Everyone has a different taste , just like in music .
Most younger kids these days are starting to listen to the fast rap music .
That their parents swear up and down you can not understand .
Although in relatity some of those songs have great meaning to us teenagers .
Lastly every song , book , or movie has a meaning .
Not everyone will see the meaning but it is there .
Everyone has their own opinoin .
Librarys or stores should not take things off their selves just because one person thinks that it is unapporite .