I believe that people should not be able to remove books , movies , magazines , etc .
from shelfs of the libraires .
If someone takes a movie , book or magazine offensive they should contact the auother of the pieace and can complain or give their thoughts .
Even if someone does find someones work in a wrong way , people have their own opionons and thoughts about everthing in life and are allowed to voice their bellifs and disbeilfs .
Also , people can read on the front or back of other peoples work which summarize what the work is going to be about or what the work is talking about .
People can decide then if the would like to read or watch further into it .
Everyone in this country is allowed to say what they think and if someone takes the time to get their voice published then others might want to hear what others think .
People can disagree , no one has to agree with anything anyone says .
It is alright to not agree with another person says but everyone does have the right to stand up and say what they think about the situation .
For example if my coaches were to tell me that they think im doing something wrong in gymnastics or they think something doesn't look good when I do , I let them speak .
I let them tell me what they think would look better or would give more points .
Then after they 're done talking I give my thoughts and say ' @CAPS1 I think this because this ' I try to reason with them .
For one its more respectful and for two everyone can have their own thought about something .
And who knows they actually might be right if you give them a chance to speak .
But , if you really don't like what another pieace of work might say you can always not read what they wrote , or watch what they produced .
There is no need to be rude .
If you strongly diagree you can always write your own book or publish an article voicing your own thoughts , that way someone can diagree or agree with how you feel about a certain subject .
That is why I feel that they should keep all books , magaiznes , movies on shelfs .
Everyone is allowed to express themselves and explain their actions toward a certain matter .
Sincerly , @PERSON1