To whom it @MONTH1 concern : The idea of censoring books , music , movies , or anything else from libraries or from the public eye is very offensive .
There are many things that could come off as 'offensive ' to any individual .
Taking books or anything off the shelf because someone felt that it did not go with their certain morals or beliefs is against the writer's freedom of speech .
It also can start serious issues with feuding religious groups or persons of different ideas .
This also shows that the library , or so far as the country , is under one certain idea and other ideas that conflict with that will be oppressed .
One of the biggest concerns is that the freedom of speech is taken away .
It @MONTH1 be something as trivial as ' @CAPS1's @PERSON1 ? '
now , but if people keep taking books off the shelf because they find something wrong with it , then our freedom is taken away .
'
@CAPS1's @PERSON1 ? '
was brought up because a mother had actually gotten a certain book of the ' @CAPS1's @PERSON1 ? '
@CAPS4 taken off the shelf , because her child had gotten scared of the halloween edition .
The fact that something could be banned for something so trivial is a frightening thought .
There weren't many cases of this specific @PERSON1 scene scaring all the kids , so there was no need to get it banned .
When someone finds something even a tad wrong they want it banned and thrown away , never again allowed to be shown to those that @MONTH1 even find an interest in it .
A big thing that @MONTH1 conflict with censorship is the idea of religion .
The @CAPS5 is a published work , whether it is religious or not .
Who's to say that it can't be banned ?
What if someone of a different religion found it highly offensive ?
This could cause even more conflicts between religious parties , and in turn anything religious would be banned all together .
That small , faint line between state and religion is going to get blurred solely from censorship .
If the @CAPS5 or works for catholics get banned , then so could published works for wiccans , muslims , buddhists , and any other sources of religion .
There would be nothing for a religious or spiritual person to find comfort in .
Not to mention the fear some publishers or authors will have in publishing their works .
It will then become a topic far less talked about , for they would be afraid of getting into legal or social trouble for expressing their thoughts and feelings with their spirituality or religion .
This censorship will only cause future issues .
This could lead to not only the religious books being banned , but anything that strays from the social norms .
If someone was homophobic , they @MONTH1 start having a gay author's works banned , or just a book about the @CAPS7 community banned .
That small sense of security those in that community have in those books will be taken away .
Personally , I find comfort and my sense of being alone is dulled by these books .
There @MONTH1 even be a possibility that some books , not necessarily just @CAPS7 books , hold someone up from that pit of depression they are so close to .
It is a world someone loves to enter , to hide or confide in .
To take someone's mental safety is worse than taking their physical safety .
Most people do not realize what sort of trouble they will start with censorship .
It @MONTH1 mean nothing , but those that decide whether or not to censor something have to think of the picture at large ; Do they lose customers for keeping it on the shelf ?
Or do they lose customers , and stop giving the rights of freedom of speech ?
It is a heavy decision to make but the decision could make or break the publishing group or legal party