Hiding @CAPS1 ?
By : @PERSON1 to the harsh world we all live in , I do not believe it is morally correct for a program , of any kind , to hide the hard reality of our world from any person .
@CAPS1 will be @CAPS1 and one shouldn't ever hide what is true from the eyes of another person's mind .
If one person makes the choice to close his eyes and go into a fantasy world then that is one person's right as a human being .
However , one man has no right- whats so ever- to close the eyes of another person for them .
Personally , I myself am not afraid to look into the history of man's choices and take upon myself the burden of the harsh knowledge that I have inherited .
I look at the human race of this planet to be whole and to be one with another .
This planet doesn't belong to one race , nation or culture of people ; it belongs to every single person equally .
I made the decision to take on the resonsibility to know the past and use it's lessons to better the future .
This world belongs to me as equally as it belongs to you ; so my decisions will affect you as much as they affect me .
That being stated , every person's decisions impact everyone , not just one's self .
People think that we should hide things that are 'offensive ' to other people .
Racism , world political issues , casualties of war and personal ethics- are some of these 'offensive ' things .
However , offensive or not , these subjects are very real and very much alive in our world ; So why should anyone have the right to try to make these subjects dissappear for another person ?
In @LOCATION1 , everyone has the right to freedom of speech and expression , but how can these freedoms be carried through if people remove these expressed ideas and beliefs from the shelves of the readers ?
We all have a right to make the decisions that affect our world and if this world is equally owned by everyone , then everyone's decisions are equally burdened by everyone .
That being said , we all have the right to know the decisions , actions , and the concequencies of these decisions and actions that our people all create every single day .
In conclusion , I believe that our world is harsh and also beautiful .
Being that of which it is , I believe it is every man's right to live and decide the way he wants to .
No man should ever make another person's decisions for them .
Everyone is resonsible for their own life and how their life affects other people .
However , no one has responsibility to hide or change the world around us from any person , for it is the knowledge of the people that make the world what it is and it is the knowledge of the world that influences a person's decisions