Dear @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 I have found that there has been a strong censorship in the libraries and I would like to express my strong disagreement for these actions .
I have found that things have been removed from your shelves due to its content .
Some of the content is vulgar and explicit and some is very offensive , but that still does not give you the right to remove these things .
Books , movies , music , and magazines are very big parts of peoples lives and removing these things can be a big part of someones development .
First off you should not be taking books off of shelves for any means .
There is a reason these books have been written and published nad it is because they have some meaning and can teach people or give them information on things they would not know otherwise .
Taking books off shelves is pretty much just sheltering people , mostly kids , from information that would benefit them no matter in what way .
Yes some books talk about sex , and yes some books have offensive terms but unless children are exposed to things like this they will not know that it is wrong .
If they do not read books about how slaves were treated , they will never know about the slaves .
If they never read a book about a married woman having an affair , they won't understand the significance of cheating .
When people read these things they learn about them , and with a little common sense they can understand these things are wrong .
Books should not be taken off the shelves in a @CAPS1 at any rate and movies should be looked at in the same manner .
Movies now a days have come along way .
Flicks like @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 use such a high form of technology that people would have no idea how it was done just a few decades ago .
Some movies due contain very vulgar language and offensive terms and sometimes even nudity , and I can relate to not wanting a little child to see that .
This does not mean that these things should be removed from the @CAPS1 though .
In all honesty I do not want my little brother or sister walking past a @CAPS5 container with a picture of a girl in lingerie on the front and I do not think anyone else is ok with that .
Other movies should be put on display for kids to rent though .
Movies that can teach them history although there is very graphic content .
Movies that will help them learn how not to do somethings like kill or rape .
Movies that can show these things but also teach how incredibly horrible these things are at the same time .
I think that the movies that go past this should be put into an adult only section and I do not think any pornography should be put on display anywhere , but movies need to be available to a very high extent .
Movies are very good teaching tools and magazines follow that same path .
In the world today we have magazines like @ORGANIZATION1 that are jam packed with information that can better kids from a young age to even people who have been out of school for a while .
I feel like some educational magazines @MONTH1 be graphic and show things that children should not see but on the other hand , seeing it will help them understand .
Now I am not saying I want to put @CAPS6 magazines on display for people to see and learn about how little of clothes some girls can wear but magazines that @MONTH1 show the very little amount of clothes people are forced to wear in countries in @LOCATION1 .
They should be able to view magazines that could show , a little more on the nude side , of people who are starving because they only can eat twice a week .
Things like this although can be very offensive maybe to some people should be viewed because it can teach .
It will show kids that these people need help and they can be those people that help them .
Once again pornography should not be available at anytime but other magazines that have an educational aproach but could contain some naughty things due to the teaching should be able to be heard .
Magazines should be available but on the other hand you have to take a more careful approach to music .
Music is probably the hardest to figure out , of these censored things I have spoken of today .
People use music to express feelings .
Whether those feelings are good or bad they get them out through song .
Music is something that brings people together and allows them to be unique at the same time .
Music should not be taken away from people going into a @CAPS1 because of its vulgar content or anything of that matter .
There is a thing called the 'clean ' version of pretty much any song that has curse words in it .
Songs that can not be cleaned up or are not available in that way I can undertstns why they are taken off the sheleves but other than that I think everything should be made available .
Music can be so powerful to people and taking it away is not the right thing to do .
In conclusion the censorship should not be done .
Yes there are somethings that have to be removed due to the extremeness contained in it but if things can be learned from I feel like it should stay no matter what .
People go to a @CAPS1 to learn and there are so many tools that can be used to teach them .
Music , movies , magazines , and books can be such a big part of peoples lives and taking these things from them is not right