I believe books are writen for a reason and the words in the book goes with the whole point of the book is the words in the book are ment to be in the book .
But I am also the kind of person who sees words that are to offensive for people to read .
But no by far I think not letting people read the books that has offensive wording in it is kinda off silly because the author ment for it to be in there and if you change one word you kind of are changing the whole book and whats its trying to say .
But if some books are to offensive yes i believe it is good to not let people read but to take it off the market and exit the book and and try to resale it .
But some people would be upset about the changes we make because they will think that the book is saying something different but its not it is just worded differently .
But i believe in both not to stop letting people reading them and for them to stay on market .
Why I think its good to let books like this go on books that had offensive wording in it yes its worng but its also worng for the people who dont see it as being a offensive .
Am sure the author of any book that has offensive wording in it didnt mean for it to hurt you .
Am i know in my heart that they are sorry for hurting you in anyway .
But why I think they should stop is because some people would really have a hard time reading offensive wroding it could be about something that happend to them when they are little or just a word maybe they just dislike .
But if they come across any word they dont like they should stop reading .
I believe it is very unfare if they take a book away just because there might be one word someone dont like .
But to others its does nothing to them .
I think books that have a offensive wording should say somewhere like on the back of the book it should have a warning if it has any offensive working in it I think this would help out alot of people would start doing that .
This is really kind of silly because a book is a book and you should alway read about the story on the back of the book and if its a offensive and you dont like it that tells you not to buy the book .
Dont always buy a book by the cover because the cover could be with flowers on the front of it and the book might not be about flowers at all .
I really feel like am on both sides