Libraries are a center of learning .
They are there to provide all kinds of different information .
So why should you take out offensive material ?
Even before internet , the all knowing source , people depended on the libarary for research .
I do not think that things should be taken out of our library .
Public libraries have always had a good censory about @CAPS1 they put on their shelves anyway .
As Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have a right to remove that book from the shelf , that work I abhor , then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 she is saying there is , everybody has a certain opinion , they @MONTH1 take offense to different things .
Therefore , if anyone could have the right to take a book off the shelf that they found offensive , then we wouldn't have any books on our shelves .
If we would travel back to the time where internet was not invented , there would not be a problem on whether we should take certain books off the shelf .
That's all they depended on .
For example , research and entertainment .
People today are spoiled .
We can go right to a little screen and type in anything we want to know and we can find out just in mintues , sometimes even seconds .
People don't even have to leave the house to go buy the latest movie that just came out , you can order it on the internet or even rent it from @ORGANIZATION1 .
If people are so worried about @CAPS1 is in the library , why don't they worry about all the explicit junk on the internet .
Sometimes people can't see @CAPS1's right in front of them .
Everytime I go to the library and look through the books to find something to read , I rarely find a book that's worth questioning .
Libraries are typically wholesome corporations , they have a good censory on @CAPS1 they let on their shelves .
They 've always had certain age group sections , and usually people and kids always stick to their age groups .
Every book I have choosen too , I 've read it cover to cover .
In conclusion , libraries have been around for ever .
Their material provides research and appropriate entertainment for all ages .
No matter if we ever had internet , we always had dependable libraries .