There are certain books , games , and music that you and I know that shouldn't be in the library or stores on the shelfs .
One word that we should study , children .
Children are the future , everything that happens in the future will be because of them .
Now , with that done and said ; I would like to explain , and point out why we as people of @ORGANIZATION1 should overcome together and take books , music , movies off the shelfs .
Drugs , crime , violance , movies , and etc .
Rappers most of the time rap about female , killing people , and etc .
Its doesn't mean that they do it , but it reflects on majority of our children .
Music is heard everyday @NUM1 hours throughout televison , radio , and i pods .
Its take it to even an different level with to male gender .
Calling female out of there name treating them how they were tought through music .
If they not listening to it , they for sure watching it .Alot of the problems come from letting children watching the wrong rating movies .
Rated @CAPS1 is want they our now letting children watch , and buy .
So now its giving then a greater chance of failling life .
So now we at two stikes with this stuff that we allowing our children to pick up off a shelf .
# @NUM2 thing we let them pick up and grab is video games .
@PERCENT1 of our children play video games .
While the same time as we cant stop them making them , I strongly belive we can prevent from letting children buy them at the age level .Most of the games based on sex , drugs , violances , and languages .
At this point children our taking it very serious , and strongly believing they can do the same .
Which leading to death or jail .
Drug use , school dropouts , and crime rates our highly because of these same video games children our getting off the shelf .
Strongly influncing them to grown up fast , skip over the childhood life .
So why can't we do it ?
I don't understand why we can't do it , when we have the power to .
It will help us out so much for everybody future .
Crime rate will go down , test scores will aprove , and our future will be brighter .
For our sake , and our children .