Let's say you walk into a public library and you look upon a book that is racist or is offensive to you .
You believe that the book shouldn't be on the shelf so you take it off .
I believe that you have the right to take that book off the shelf .
It isn't just books either ; it can be music , movies , magazine , or many others .
The authors have the right of freedom of speech but it can go the other way around too .
There are many reasons why and I will explain this to you .
The first reason why is that the person might not come back to that place .
I mean if somebody walks into a library and trys to find a book to read , do you think they will ever come back if they are offended by one ?
A little while back , I was in the library and I noticed a book that was offending .
It was talking jokes about black people .
I believe that isn't right because all people are equal no matter how they look or what they believe .
The next reason is that it could cause rate of the materials to go down .
If somebody gets offensive about a censored material , they are going to report it and cause the rate to drop low .
No library wants to hold books , music , movies , or magazines that have been reported by their community and nobody wants it .
How would the author feel about their material getting reported because of somebody getting offensive by it ?
If the author wants to offend anybody , then they shouldn't even bother to publish it .
The last reason is to get rid of the materials .
Nobody wants to look at something that offends them .
How would you feel that you took a movie home to watch the family and it had bad stuff in it and you didnt like it .
You get offended and complain .
Complaining is bad for business especially if its a government building .
If we just get rid of the things that offend people , then we wouldn't have any problems .
I do believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelf if sombody if offended by it .
There are really three main reasons .
One is the the person might never come back to that place .
Next , is that it could cause rate success drop down low .
The last is to just get rid of the materials so they are no complains .
Now , what do you believe