I believe that censorship within libraries and any other public media source is wrong , immoral , and unfair .
Authors , artists , phtographers , etc .
have the right to freedom of speech .
Why should the consumers not have the same right to choose what they expose themselves to ?
The censorship of any media should not be allowed in public consumer spots , not only because it goes against basic american rights , but it also takes the responsibility , originality , and expression out of @CAPS1 ' lives .
If a parent or gaurdian did not wish for their child to be exposed to certain genres of certain media , isn't it their responsibility to intercept that from their childs environment ?
If a parent really abhors a certain genre , then it is up to that parent to create a surrounding in which they feel that their child is safe .
It is understandable that some genres of music , magazines , books and movie contain material that @MONTH1 be too graphic or mature for reader of a certain age , but situations like this in today's world is unavoidable .
In my experience , I know that when I was to young to understand the happenings of @NUM1 , my parents intercepted the stories from me .
My parents turned off graphic or violent television when I walked in the room .
They felt that this sort of material was inappropriate for someone at age @NUM2 , so they exerpted that material from my environment .
When you become a parent , you take on responsibility for the life of another person .
This responsibility includes the childs health , safety , and his/her surroundings .
Why can't @LOCATION1 leave the parenting of children to the parents ?
When children turn into teenagers and teengers become adults , they earn many privelages .
They earn the right to drive , then the right to vote , then the right to drink responsibly .
There is a maturity level that goes into making descisions on your own ; if you are mature anough to decide who you want to run your country , how could you not be mature enough to decide something as insignificant as music choice ?
Authors , artists , composers , and phtographers , all by living in @LOCATION1 , all have the right to the freedom of speech and freedom of expression .
By censoring what products are published and put in public takes away that right .
Some @MONTH1 argue that the artists and authors still have the right to express themselves , but they are expressing material that is to risque or graphic to promote .
This is an understandable point , but who is the government to promote only what they want to promote ?
Why should the government have total control over the @CAPS1 are exposed to ?
If this were to happen , could it easily be taken too far by power hungry poloticians ?
Wouldn't @LOCATION1 no longer be a democracy , but rather a communist country , like @LOCATION2 ?
American prides itself in being a 'mixing pot ' , and being accepting .
If @LOCATION1 were to be like @LOCATION2 , that would mean the restriction of expression and originailty throughout the country .
Would you really want to live in a country where originality isn't really original , and acceptance was only what the goernment decided was acceptable ?
Would you be proud to live in a place where people don't have the opportunity to express themselves to others freely ?
I wouldn't .
Although the censorship of media through a library is only on a small scale , but censorship is censorship .
It is discrimination agaisnt composers of a certain genre of works .
It is the removal of choice from @CAPS1 ' lives .
It is denying the composers their right to freedom of speech .
Whichever way you look at it , censorship is censorship , and censorship is wrong