Lots of people come to the library to check out books , music , movies , and other things for entertainment .
Mainly children use the library more than any other age .
The library is a place where you can be humble and relaxed .
No one wants to check out thinks that are offensive in any type of way .
Not even books that will influence bad things .
Therefore certain things shouldn't be allowed to be checked out in libraries .
Certain movies shouldn't be in the library .
For example if a child go to library they @MONTH1 see a movie that contains sexual activity and decided to check the movie out .
The kid @MONTH1 be underage and the movie would be considered inappropriate .
The child @MONTH1 get in trouble by there guardian .
In reality it would be the librarian's fault for letting the child check the movie out .
That is why the movies should be censored .
On the cover of many magazines women as well as men bodies are exposed.That @MONTH1 cause children to be attracted to the magazine .
They @MONTH1 even decided to check the magazine out .
Children are influenced by the things they see .
Seeing naked bodies would be considered setting a bad example .
In today's world all children listen to music .
The music you listen to has a huge impact on your life .
The music in libraries should be censored .
Libraries should have music that encourage you to go out and be something in life .
In my opinion only influential music should be able to be rented out .
Reading is the key to success .
Libraries should have books that will help you increase your vocabulary as well as educate you .
Not the books that will talk about sexual things or even make you wonder about sex .
Libraries should only have history , math , and educational books .
In conclusion everything in the library should be censored .
A lot of children use the library .
Therefore it should be age appropriate .
No child needs to be put under a bad influence .
Certain thinks should be removed from the shelves to keep down less confusion .