I think that movies and magazines should be removed from the shelf because they might have some stuff in it that little kids could look at or watch .
The movies and magazines will sometimes give some kids some ideas and the books should be removed because it had some words that people will be saying and the music should be removed because they have rap music .
People shouldn't be listening to it .
The music is sometimes not appropiate for all age and it can give people some ideas of what they say or do .
The books and magazines can give people some ideas of what they say or do and they can believe anything of what they say .
People should be reading good books and reading good magazines and listen to some good music .
They are all offensive because they talk about bad stuff and doing bad stuff or talk about how they live their lives .
Peolpe shouldn't be listening to some rap music or read the magazines or read some books that will give other people some ideas .
The books sometimes talking about what happened a long time ago and stuff like that and it sometimes offense people like that .
The magazines sometimes tell people what happened in the past and thenpeople don't want to read any magzines anymore .
The people don't want to listen to any music anymore or read any books anymore .
Most people will think that most books , magazines , and music are bad for the kids and for the adults .
I think that it is offensive because music is not a good thing to listen to like rap or hip-hop .
The people shouldn't be listening to rock music and they should just listen to some music that are appropiate .
The books should be appropiate for all age and they should read something that they like .
They should read some magazines that they like and that are good and appropiate .
The music is offensive because they talk about inapproiate stuff and they shouldn't be listening to it and the magazines have some inappropiate stuff and the books have some inappropiate stuff .
The people won't like it and they might not want to check it out again or they won't check nothing out .
I think that they should put some books on the shelves that people will like and the music that people will like .
They should put some magazines on the shelves that people will want to look at or read