In libraries , there are of course books .
There are mysteries , romances , comics , biographies and anything else that you @MONTH1 be able to think of .
There are also magazines , movies , and even cd's that are at the libraries now .
Then at libraries there are also those books and magazines .
Those books being the ones I would never pick up off of the shelf myself let alone allow my future children to pick up .
This is because those books contain material that is not at all conducive to the young person's brain .
That is why I would like those books to be cencored so my child would never even know that the books are there .
These books have in them people having sex and smoking drugs and their language in theses books are horrifying !
These seem to be the kinds of books that young children have become interested in .
They read them at school and get them somehow from their friends .
They also find them in libraries and the more they read the more they want to do because they are influenced very easily .
They are influenced by books characters that dont even exist some of the time .
There are many reasons of why I feel that the books should be cencored but one of the biggest reasons are that because young people read these kind of books they go out and do what they read in the books .
Thinking its okay because somebody that is not even real , most of the time , is doing it .
I feel that these books are the reason that babies are raising babies children that are ten are going out having sex and getting pregnant and becoming eleven year old mothers .
Where is that even heard of , but it happens and by the time those same children become freshmen in high school , if they even get there , they are carrying the responsibility of the baby they had when they were eleven .
Those same children go through life wondering how different their stiuations could have been !
So I feel like before these books go and mess up a whole other generation of children why don't we stop it here ?
Why does another child have to get pregnant at the age of ten for someone else to realize it's time to change things ?
Ten year old children are still just babies !
The human brain isnt even fully developed until you are in around the age of twenty-five .
So these children dont know if what they are reading is wrong beucase they haven't been taught that it is very wrong this is because at that age no parent expects that they will have to teach their not to have sex .
Why you @MONTH1 ask , because at the age of ten what child should know about sex ?
At that age they still like to color and play with baby dolls or they like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 they should even be thinking about sex let alone know what it is .
These materials should be taken off the shelves because children reading or looking at these kinds of books and magazines in libraries should not be happening .
To stop yet another generation from messing up their lives taking the materials off is the best solution .
After all shouldn't a parent get the chance to make sure their child isn't killing their chances to live a happy life in the future ?