Imagine a library without any materials that are considered offensive .
In this library you wouldn't find many of the great pieces of literature that have impacted and influenced society @DATE1 .
You probably wouldn't find too many books , magazines , or movies that everyone in the @CAPS1 feels that are appropriate .
Some of the great classic novels have contents that could be considered offensive to many people .
Offensive materials should remain in libraries @DATE1 because something that is offensive to one person might not be to another person , who could be impacted by the piece of literature that is being banned .
Music should also remain in libraries because the artist did not put the lyrics in the song to bring the listeners attention to the offensive material .
Also offensive materials have made an impact in society for ages .
First , materials that one individual finds offensive could be viewed another way by many others who enjoy the material .
Some comedy and action movies are viewed as offensive or inappropriate to some people , but many others @MONTH1 enjoy the movie .
If a movie , book , or magazine has the topic of @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 , it could be considered offensive to people who were a part of it , but it could also inform the reader or the person who is watching about the events that happened .
If children want to see or read this material they should get permission from their parents first .
Next , all music should remain in libraries .
The music was created by an artist who made it for enjoyment and entertainment .
The purpose of the music is not to bring the attention of offensive material to the listeners .
The lyrics in some songs are innapropriate for children , but parents should not let their child listen to them .
Lyrics can deal with really mature things that should only be heard and understood by adults .
Last , offensive materials have impacted society for ages .
Many things the founding fathers of the @LOCATION1 did were considered offensive , but that did not make them wrong , and it made the @CAPS1 a better place @DATE1 .
Offensive materials impact everyday life for better and worse .
If all offensive materials were banned , they wouldn't be able to have an impact on @CAPS1 for better .
In conclusion , offensive materials should remain in libraries @DATE1 .
The materials @MONTH1 be controversial , but they still are pieces of literature that deserve to be read and studied by the people of the @CAPS1 .
Offensive materials contain many teaching tools in life that could help out the lives of many people .
The @CAPS1 would turn into that of the @CAPS1 in @PERSON1's novel @CAPS4 @NUM1 , where all books were burned and society was not intellegent at all , if offensive materials were taken out of libraries @DATE1 .