What's your first thought when you 're thinking about a library ?
Is it quiet , peace , or calm ?
Many people would think that until they come opon a certain book , magazine , movie , etc .
They would start reading , and soon read something that is completely offensive .
Books , magazines , movies , etc .
should be censored and removed from a library if found offensive .
Although everyone is entitled to their own opinion , I believe that a library is a place of peace .
Having offensive literature in a library makes it look as though it's a bit trashy .
If people want to read a certain magazine or book that offends a large sum of people , then they should go somewhere besides a library to find it .
When I was younger , I participated in events at our local library ; such as seeing who could read the most books over a certain amount of time , or other events like that .
I liked to explore the library and find new things .
I remember back then , and still today , there were always a large amount of magazines sitting on selfs , categorized into their correct sections .
Many of them showing half-dressed women and men .
Now , I understand that people like to know what is going on in the real world and like to be up to date , but I believe that they can go elsewhere to find such magazines .
Having these offensive magazines in libraries for children to see is not good , and could easliy upset the parents of the children .
Another reason why books , magazines , and others should be censored is because they @MONTH1 influence teens to do wrong and/or bad things .
For example , many books talk about drugs and smoking .
If teens read this , they @MONTH1 start thinking that it isn't wrong to do these things .
If these type of books were to be removed from libraries , then I believe that the number of bad things that teens are influenced by would be greatly decreased because they aren't going to read them .
In my personal opinion , libraries would be better if books , magazines , movies , etc .
would be censored .
Not only would it make people happier , it would make the world better .
Besides , if you are looking to read something bad , you shouldn't be looking in a library anyway !