My views on censorship are strong .
I think that if a book , movie , ect .
is descriminating towards one or more groups of people then I think that people should have the right to atleast have a say in wether it should be on the shelves of a library or not .
Although books could be descriminating too , if the book it about something that has happened in the past and is the past of our country , then I think that people should also have a say in keeping it on the shelves .
If these materials are using offensive language or actions to harm or discriminate against that race then they should be taken off of the shelves .
If they are part of the history of the world or of our country , then I think that they should be left there for future generations to learn about it and to know that these things happened .
Most materials dont try to discriminate any race , and if they did , then I don't think it would be in the library in the first place .
For me , censorship could go both ways .
It really just depends on the stuation and the material .
Someone could have an opinion that it is offensive , but that doesnt mean that is a fact .
If the book is popular in the library and a lot of people like to come in and read it , then I don't think I would remove the book .
People view offensive writing and actions differently from one another .
So , I think it depends on the situation .
If I was a parent these days , I would let my child read one of these so called offensive books if it was part of the past for our country .
My attentions for letting him read it are for all the right reasons .
I dont attend to let him read it so that he can act upon the things told about in the book .
I would let him read it to learn about the past .
I think it is a positive thing for children to know about the past .
So , in my perspective , censorship depends on the situation and the material .
These are only my views on the topic , and also these statements are my opinion .
So I can't really say if I am for censorship or not .