Do I believe that certain materials , suck as books , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive ?
No I do not believe this statement for many reasons .
If anybody cold take books off the shelves in the libraries , there would no longer be any use for libraries , students in school will have a harder time learning about certian topics in the world , it would defeat the purpus of having the ability of freedom of speech , we could easily avoid this problem if needed .
One reason I believe that taking books off the shelves is because , if we all have the right to take books we find offensive there would no longer be any books no the shelves .
This would limit us the ability for students to learn about many important topics in the world .
Just the other day I heard a lady telling her daughter that she was not going to allow her to go to school the day they have 'the talk ' , ( sex education for students in grade six ) , because she thought she was too young to learn about that area of education .
Yes , that @MONTH1 be true , but it also means that her daughter is not going to know about the many diseases you can get from underage , and or unpretected sex .
This @MONTH1 lead her daughter to having sex at a young age and getting pregnate , or some kind of disease , that could have easily been prevented with a little education from library books , or a class at school .
Another reason I do not believe in the right of taking books from the shelves is because , when we are taking these books off the shelves , we are taking someones very hard work and just throwing it into the trash .
In my opinion it is very disrespectful to the authors , and anybody else who was involved in writing those books .
Just because you do not agree with what they are writing does not mean you can just throw it away .
This would being defeating the purpose of haveing freedom of speech .
Taking those books off the shelves is basically telling the authors that they are not aloud to write about what they want and publish it .
It is also telling them that they are not allow to state thier oppinion .
This problem could easily be avoided if needed .
For example , those books , music pieces , movies , magizines , etc.
, could be put in a seprate section of the library , and only make it availble to adults of a certain age .
Have the books , and other writing pieces rated in the same way that movies are .
This would be a very simple and effective way to solve this problem .
Like I mentioned earlier I strongly disagree with giving citizens the right to take certain materials , suck as books , movies , music , magazines , ect.
, off the shelves if you or anyone else find them offensive .
It could effect the community in many ways , it is very rude and disrespectful to the autor of that piece of writing , and there are simple solutions to this problem