Imagine , you go into your favorite library and you go to grab your favorite book or movie and its not there .
The librarian says the book was removed from all public libraries because it was found offensive .
Would this not get on your nerves ?
Especially if you had read the book yourself and found nothing wrong with it ?
Sure , there are some books that children should not be allowed to see due to offensive material ; but why remove them completely ?
There are plenty of alternet solutions that could please everyone .
Such as having a section only adults are allowed into , having a seperate public place for adults to get the books , movies , ect ; and having signed permission from a parent or guardian saying their child could check out certain items .
The first solution is to have certain offensive material under lock and key from the public .
If only the librarian had access to this material a child could not simply walk in and borrow what he , or she deems fit .
The librarian would be the only one allowed to judge if the person , child or adult , could see this section of the librairy .
Next , there could be a totally separate building for the offensive material .
Only people over @NUM1 would be let in and you would have to an i.d and a librairy card to get in .
This would assure that no one uinderage could recieve or take anything that was deemed unfit .
My last solution is to have signed permission for anyone underage .
When the child comes to get a librairy card the parent must be present and fill out an application saying what the child can and can not check out .
I do not believe that books , movies , music , ect ; should be removed from shelves .
This directly goes against the first ammendment , free speech .
If a person can say what someone else can or can not read , see , or listen to whats to stop them from taking every @CAPS1 given right we have ?
Whats to stop them from censoring everything we write and say ?
Would you want to live in a world like that ?
I would most certainly not !
However , I also believe that certain age groups should not be allowed to have access to certain material .
I believe these are good altercations to prevent this from happening if only we take the steps to accomplish them