'The @CAPS1 in the @CAPS2 ' , 'The @CAPS3 @CAPS4 ' , 'The @CAPS5 of @PERSON2 ' .
Do these titles sound familiar ?
They should , beause these are only a tiny fraction of the @CAPS3 literary masterpeices that people have enjoyed since their publications .
These wonderful books also share another characteristic , they have all been banned from certain libraries across the country and around the world .
When a child goes off to school ecah day , his or her parents are left to think that he or she will be getting a quality education that meets the stadards of their own core values and morals .
But certain parents @MONTH1 become outraged when they see the books shelved on schools library shelves that they see as wrong , and don't want their precious children exposed to such immoral concepts that go against their idea of what is right .
In all reality though , how is this helping anyone ?
By keeping a student away from a book or subject , the person causing the censorship is limiting what that student can learn .
By censoring things people are not only kept from ideas that might shock them , but also from ideas that might make them think .
If a person can not think for themselves , they can not draw their own conclusions on things .
When one can not think for oneself or make decisios for oneself , how can this person be considered a free individual .
Infamous dictators , such as @PERSON1 , burned books to keep his citizens from thinking what he did not want them to think .
By banning a book in a school library , a parent is also keeping their child from thinking what they do not want them to think .
And when you want a book out of a shool library you are ot only keepig your child from reading this book , but everyone who goes to the school from reading the book .
How is that fair ?
So instead of wanting certain books to be off the shelves of your childs school , I say this .
Teach your children to be careful in what they read .
If you don't wan them to read 'The @CAPS1 in the @CAPS2 ' tell them not to read that book .
Tell your children to follow the moral guidelines you want them to follow , and if certain books keep them from having their own thoughs instead of yours , just tell them not to look , and don't bother everyoe else about it