Keep it on the shelvesThe reason for libraries is so that people can read what they want to read .
If I owned a library I would have everything on the shelves because there are alot of people and not everyone likes the same thing .
Truthfully I wouldn't care because it isnt just about a handful of people it is about everyones feelings .
If people started taking certain things out of there book stores libraries it would eventually get out of hand .
The reason it would get out of hand is because a certain topic like slavery if someone wanted to learn about it or enjoyed reading topics like that it wouldnt be fair because @CAPS1 @CAPS2 people might find it offensive to put stuff out there for the public like that .
Everyone has their own opinion but why express your own opinion if the subject you want to express it under isn't harming anyone physically or emotionally .
If everyones opinion was heard and taken into consideration tghe world as we know it would be boring and outragous .
People like action and adventures , others like laid back kind of stuff .
Why take things from people that they have had for a very long time if its just going to start a conflict and change the way people live everyday life .
Maybe it could turn out in a good way but really what are the chances of that @NUM1 billion to a thousand .
Things that are offensive to some people are very interesting to others so keep everything on the shelves .
If only certain people are going to complain about it its not really a big deal .
Maybe someday when everyone in the world agrees on @NUM2 reasoning then we could change it but i really dont see that happening anytime soon .
The main reason is there is always going to be conflict between @NUM3 or more groups of people .
Everyone cant be happy at the same time i say who cares weather something offends someone or not thats their opionion and until alot more people are seeing it and can stay on the shelf for the people that actually enjoy that kind of stuff .