Corrupt Censorship @CAPS1 @MONTH1 occur when censorship decides to remove or block ; showing certain media or readable content all pertains to the creator .
In some cases , the distributor and less the author , director , or publisher , has no opinion on whether to display the product they have made , but from their own habit of making what they enjoy ; it is the will from the store , person or etc .
to display these materials .
Libraries have an exponential option to publicly put up on their shelves or stock , but restricting too graphic material is all depended on the eduacational rules the library is equipted with .
Any type of content is art , art that should never be even considered to be changed or enhanced because it pertains to one artist .
You can never remake , rewrite or recreate that visual material provided from the creator .
And you are not aloud to , unless given permission to from the creator .
Censoring or removing on the other hand , is permitted to the distributor .
Their choice to publicly demonstrate something made by someone is all their choice .
Libraries for example , show that any given media or readable content is publicly displayed for anyone to see , so long as the audience fits their rules or criterias .
In some instances , partial side of the audience will run across unexpected media and will have the inexecptional pursuasion to accept what is demonstrated .
Though it is not the creators fault to ensure where their content is diplayed , but the audience's fault in whether to see that material .
It is choice to read or see whatever you 'd like , you aren't forced upon to follow through to what the distributor-let alone the creator- is offering .
Enjoying the topic or material is optional .
When you have options in front of you , any given topics or subject to read or follow , it it your will to chose to read or see them .
Enjoying is even more harder , but when a library's limit is basically the sky , you should not force it on them to throw out the book just because the censorship isnt up to your level .
It is not the library to blame , but your own .
Everyone has different views on certain content and it isnt your obligation to view it .
When you take down materials @CAPS2 intended for those who chose to view and enjoy , you destroy not @CAPS2 art a creator has made , but the joy that filled a viewers taste .
Libraries shouldnt exceptionalize for certain people's expectations because not everyone finds censorship a solution .
Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work i abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so deos everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '