Controversey and @CAPS1 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
( Katherine Paterson , Author . )
Paterson makes a very valid point here .
Right off the bat , I can think of many offensive or inappropriate books , movies , songs , and magazines .
There are equal amounts of good and bad publications , and the decision of what is good or bad is very controvesial .
The creator of each song , movie , song , magazine , or any other publication has made their product for a specific customer .
Playboy magazine was not created for five year olds , but for desparate sex-crazed men , and @CAPS2 and @CAPS3 wasn't made for adults , but for young kids .
Usually , the intended purpose of the product is not meant to be negative .
It breaks my heart to hear of the rising amount of people of varrying ages getting into pornography .
I think the whole idea of it is wrong , degrading , and uttterly disgusting , but others firmly disagree .
Some religions think the @CAPS4 series is blasphemous evil , as others don't agree at all .
Controversey fills everything in our culture .
We all have our opinions and choices .
Should I have the right to take away books from my child ?
My mother would not let me read the @ORGANIZATION1 books when I was younger .
She felt that it was from the devil and pure evil .
That make me desire to read it even more than before .
When I entered middle school , I read the books anyway : I had the ability to make my own choices .
I didn't see the devil in the books .
I actually felt the opposite feelings toward the book .
The books reflected upon good vs. evil , which I saw as @CAPS5 vs. Satan .
My opinions and views were very different than my mother's .
If I would have read the books when I was younger , I might 've thought differently .
I think that my mom protected me from what could have been bad .
I think it is perfectly fine to protect your kids by setting up rules and boundaries .
Parents just need to be aware that once the kids are older , they will make the choices on their own .
All in all , certain books will be in the kids section for a reason , and others will be in the adult section for other reasons .
We must use our judgement and trust our kids to make good choices on what they allow to enter their brain and consume their thoughts .