I think that the books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should not be removed from the shelvs .
If a book , magazine , movie , etc , is found offensive then you should just walk away and ignore it .
Dont go back and keep looking at it because what you find offensive someone else might like .
The world won't change around you so you shoud do the smart thing and ignore it .
If somthing is found offensive on censorship in libraries then mabey its not a good idea for you to be where you are in that library .
And if somthing does offend you , you should still act appropreatley and deal with the situation the right way .
When i was younger i used to see book's with a cover titled @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 , @CAPS3 , @CAPS4 , etc.
, and would think it was funny , but the adults didnt think so .
The books are put there for people to read not just to look at .
The books , music , movies , magazines are not there to offend you in any type of way .
If you find somthing offensive then you should just move away from that area , so that you wont worry about having to be offended .
Diffrerent people like different things , so they will have many different verieties to choose from in a library .
They might have some things that really offend you or they might have some things that you really like .
You have to make a wise choice and know that if somthing is goin to offend you stay away from it .
Censorship in libraries have every right to put up any and every peice of book , music , movie , magazine , etc.
, because it in their phacility .
They should'nt have to worry about people being offended by anything they put up .
They should'nt have to worry about people being offended because @PERCENT1 of the time the things they put up are not bad at all , 'it @MONTH1 even be helpful , ' but to one person it @MONTH1 be harmful or offend them .
In @CAPS5 , censorship in libraries should be able to post or shelve anything they want .
If your offended/not offended they have every right to shelve whatever it is .
because in the real world you dont always get what you want , and you wont always like what you see