A library is safe haven .
A place people can go to escape the world and stick their head into a book .
It is a place filled with knowledge and information .
You can find information on anything in a library , from any point of view .
Information in libraries should not be censored , even if the information is considered offensive .
A library should not be biased .
Removing certain information from a library would be biased to whatever group believes in that knowledge .
Whether or not something is offensive , the information should be out there for one to learn about if he chooses .
Having information in a library that @MONTH1 be offensive does not mean a person is oblidged to read it .
Katherine Paterson brings up a good point when she says , 'If I have the right to remove that book from the shelf ... and you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us ' .
If everyone could remove a book that offended them , there would be no books left .
There are many different views on many different subjects and everyone should have the opportunity to be educated on others ' points of views .
For example , there are many different religions in the world .
Many of the religions have very conflicting points of views and some of their view points @MONTH1 offend each other .
That does not mean that we should not provide information on different world religions simply because a person from another religion @MONTH1 be offended .
Every person that goes to a library should have the right to educate themselves on others ' religions .
If we censored all the books that offended people , we would live in a very uneducated world .
A library is a place of education and learning .
It is a place one can go and learn about any subject he chooses .
If libraries censored information , then it would no longer be a place that is unbiased .
It would hold a sway to a certain group of people and therefore , no longer be a safe haven for all to go and escape the world .
One could not go to a library and get different points of views on every subject .
Censorship on books and other materials in libraries would be a very negative thing .