As a small child I remember my mom reading me stories to put my to sleep .
There was always one book that I remember the most named , ' A light in the @CAPS1 ' by @PERSON1 .
As i was walking into my public library the other day i was looking at the books that had been cenored because it encouraged , the following ; mistreating parents , offensive language , bad habits , and other things .
I was mad that this book had , essentally , been erased from all of children literature just because a few people @CAPS2 that it gives a bad message .
Think about it though , when you are a child either having a book read to you , or reading one yourself do you honestly pay attention to such small details ?
I do not think that books and music should not be censored , because society does a good job of thinking and figuring out what is acceptable and what is not .
I understand the idea of warning labels , but i feel that censorship is too far .
In the example I used in the paragraph above , that actually happened to me .
So , i do not think that things should be censored just because a small group of people think that it is inappropriate .
Even when i read that book today i do not see any of the reasons that were listed in the book .
Therefor beleive that it was unjustly censored , meaning that a really good book will never reach the eyes and ears of child that deserve to hear and read it .
Over the years many things have been censored , some had an actual reason , others maybe were looked at and censored because somebody did not like how they read the book .
the point is , is that people should have a choice of what they can get from their public or school library .
Maybe , they should just give an idea saying that there is potentailly inapprapriate materail in that certain book and should not be read to or by a certain age group .
when you look back to your childhood and think of all the books that were read to you that you enjoyed , how many of those books have been cesored for reasons that make no sense ?
That is the primary reason why I believe there should not be any censorship