Almost every city in the @LOCATION1 has a public library .
A place where the citizens can check out books , music , movies , magazines and more .
Inside a library , there are different sections .
There are kids sections , adult , fiction , and many more .
Just like any ordinary store , there are items in a library that are not subject for children .
A common question has been coming up everday life , 'Should we remove these offensive items from our shelves ? '
Libraries have been around for years and so have uncensored things that are being put in front of children .
As a child , you want to explore and know everything .
Bad things will always be put in front of you as an obstacle to make the right choice .
Just like these degrading items found in everyday stores , libraries , or in general everywhere you go .
A library , however , is not just intended for adults , teenagers , or young children .
A library is made for everyone's access and not everyone is alike .
Therefore there is plenty of variety in these libraries .
It should never be a libraries fault for containing things not appropriete for children in my belief .
Almost every library is very organized into categories .
If children are separated and exclusive to adult material , I see no problem in having these items on the shelves .
When I visit a library , these items are very out of reach for children .
Society knows what should and should not be brought upon a child , so they know not to put it in any reach of children .
'All of us can think of a book that we hope non of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '
said Author , Katherine Paterson .
Katherine makes a very valid statement .
If I have a child one day , I could think of plenty of materials I would hope my child never came acrossed .
However , as a parent it is their job to protect their children from these things .
Coming from a teenage perspective , at a young age , I was very clueless about all the terrible things sitting around me .
A majority of children would not be able to get their hands on such uncensored items , nor would they understand them if they did .
There are things in this world that are much worse for children to see then taking a quick glance at something not for their age at a library .
If anything , concerned parents should be paying more attention to what their children come in contact with at stores , the people they are around , or what they are listening/watching .
The internet is probably the most uncensored place a child can come acrossed .
Reaching out to libraries about what they put on their shelves should be of their least concern compared to what is really out there in life .
I do believe that no children should be handed or put in front of uncensored adult conduct because one-hundred percent unacceptable .
If these items were placed in spots where only adults can get ahold of , then I see no problem in the situation .
The children of our generation and more to come will always encounter something they should not be put in fron of .
However , that is life and there will always be something come up in your life that you should not witness or be apart of .
If libraries continue to keep these items out of reach of children , then there should be no censorship in libraries .