There are many books , movies , and magazines on shelves that can offence people in many ways .
These can be books of war , slavery , and even religion that could aggrevate people and make them feel the need for them to remove those books from the libraries without hesitation .
There are indeed many books out there that could offence people and could be discriminating , but should those books really be taken out ?
I believe that books were made for a purpose .
Each book and even magazine has a fact of information regarding what is either happening in the world or what could happen .
Even for the books that are unrealistic they are also made for a reason and should be allowed to have their place in the library .
The library has over thousands of books and movies to choose from .
If there even was one book that someone found discriminating or offensive they could always just pass by it and choose one that suits what they want .
I feel that it is the person's choice of what they want to read or watch not the books or movies fault .
The books and movies are also split into genres into which each movie and book belongs in .
So if you don't specifically want to see something than you can just skip the section the movies or books are in that you find discriminating and go to the ones that you feel okay with .
There are also many books and movies out there that might seem discriminating but they could actually teach you about life and what could happend and how to solve these problems .
One example is when I was child growing up I was reading about this girl getting into a car accident and loosing everything just because she was drunk while she was driving .
My mother didn't want me reading the book , but it actually helped me alot because it taught me the valuable lesson of never drinking and driving , because of reading that book at such a young age and implanting the story in my head I know that I will never in my life do what that girl did to herself .
This shows that even if a book might seem discriminating and wrong it can still teach people life lessons and danger that they probably wouldn't know about unless they read that book or watched that movie .
I feel that even if we removed the offensive magazines , books , and movies that don't have any potential what so ever , people would still find a way to get what they were looking for , even if it is from the library or not .
There are many people that are wrong in this world and banning certain books from the library probably wouldn't stop them from doing what they want to do .
Music is another thing that shouldn't be that troubled about .
Some people listen to certain types of music to calm their nerves down .
One example is the @CAPS1 rapper @ORGANIZATION1 .
His songs consist of severe sadness and frequent cussing , but in his songs are messages that can relate to other people and listening to that certain song might stop them from doing illegal things or even commiting suicide .
The songs can symbolize their lives and make them know that they are not the only ones living that way and that they aren't always alone in what they do .
I feel that each book , movie , and magazine has at least one thing that a person can find offensive .
If we start removing each one that someone finds offencive than there probably wouldn't be a single book left on the library shelves .
The books we read , the magazines we glance at , and the movies we watch will probably have something offensive in them but I do not think that they should be censored or removed becasue there is always a chance that those books , movies , or magazines could help you out later in life