Freedom of speech and the freedom of press is a privelige we as @CAPS1 are lucky to have .
I don't believe in censorship in libraries .
Authors , publishers , editors , and directors all have a right to express their opinions in their work .
If they would like to express some adult subjects in their work that is their choice .
They have a right as people to protray their books , magazeines , and movies anyway they want .
We all have the choice to what books and movies we want to check out at libraries .
Movies are required to have ratings so the audience knows the extent of the maturity you must have to watch the film .
For example if you are a @NUM1 year old who wants to checkout a movie but , it's rated @CAPS2 that is not the best choice of movie .
It @MONTH1 not be the best choice because movies rated @CAPS2 let the audience know its for a mature audience over the age of @NUM2 .
As for books , I often use a book review website that allows me to see the content the book has .
If I see that the book contains material I don't wish to read about or think the material is too mature , I don't read it .
I hold the power to choose the books I read and the responsibility to choose the books best suited for my age and maturity level .
There are many ways we can track the content of the things we can checkout .
Just because a movie or book is released doesn't mean we have to watch or read it .
We all make choices in our everyday lives.Some are big and some are small .
Picking a book or film to checkout from a library is a small choice , but it is our choice to choose what we can handle .
Author's , directors , and editors should not have their work punished if some people don't agree with the content they are putting in their material .
Everyone's opinion varies on what's right and wrong .
Therefore if you believe something is inappropriate you have the chocie of not reading or watching it .
I do believe we are lucky to have this freedom of opinion and speech .
Although we shouldn't abuse it we must not forget we have no right to tell others how to use this freedom .
As we have the choice to read what we want to , authors have a choice on what they want to write about .
Libraries shouldn't take away this freedom that allows us to make our own decisions on what we view or read