Dear Newspaper , I would like to start off by saying yes , books , magizines , music , movies , etc.
, are great for the kids in the library .
I think thats the best thing for them to do when they dont have anything to do , go to the library and read or work on stuff in the library and I think that some things should be in the library because we are in high school and we need to learn some things here but some of the things we learn are not very appropriate .
In high school just walking down the hall ways your going to learn alot of things you probably dont need to know yet but when you walk into a library they dont need to encourage it by putting books of drugs , alcohol , and sex on the shelves .
Books about drugs are alright to an extent .
If your reading about medicanes you can take and being in the doctors office and getting percriptions is alright but when you got books about pot , weed , crank , or meth thats a little much .
We need to learn about those drugs and what they could do to us if we use them or abuse them but we dont need to know how to roll a blunt or make meth .
Books about alcohol are the same way .
We need to know the dangers of drinking but we dont need to know about teen parties and things to do when your drunk .
Advertisements , magizines , etc.
, are the worst things for us kids because everyone of them have something to do with drugs , alcohol , or sex and trying to get us to do those thing in high school .
The front cover of magizines always have people who have got caught with drugs who is dating or sleeping around with who and ik that we will and need to know these things but i dont think we need to read them out of books because then we read it and see how other people did it and we feel the need to do it or try it .
I believe these books that are over the line about alcohol , drugs , and sex need to be taking out of the librarys so that the kids have something to learn about and ask there parents about .
I have been in the librarys and I know for a fact that the first books I go for have one of those three invloved in it because those are interesting and we like reading about stories at parties or someone getting pregnant or an @ORGANIZATION1 but also when I read I think about it and I think I want to go to a party they made them sound fun .
This is what I think about some of those books on the selves and what I think should happen .
Sinceraly , @LOCATION1