Libraries Do you go to libraries ?
Many people all over go to libraries for many different reasons .
Sometimes when you go there , you have to have a reason to be there .
You also have to be very quite .
Libraries are very interesting in many ways .
Some @MONTH1 ask what a library is , well they are good places to go .
People can go there for many different things .
Most of the time , when people go to a library , they go to get books .
Not only can you get books from there , but also go there for school tutouring , for a place to read , and just to go somewhere quite .
See libraries have many things to do .
Why do people go to libraries ?
Well I personally do not go to a library but many others do .
People that like to read go there to get a kind of book they want .
I would go there for totouring for school , I honestly need it .
It helps you alot and gets your homework done .
My mother goes there on some occasions , like , to get information from a book or a computer .
They have alot of information they you can look for .
Then there are online geeks , who like to get online for video games .
I get on the internet but not for video games .
There is another reason why people go to the library .
My little sister loves going to the library .
She is only eight years old .
Why am I telling you this ?
Well when you go into a library , you can not get a book if you are under age .
In that case , you have to have parents permission to be able to get one , but not only that , you have to have a library card in order to get a book .
I no , stupid rules right ?
SO then again you have to have parents permission for that to !
Well after the permission is all said and done , when you go to get a book , you have to make sure it's you own grade level .
I have to watch that with my sister all the time because if not , then they will yell at you .
I personally think that is good for most kids .
So now you know that libraries are very strict .
Now that I told you all about libraries , I hope you learned something from it .
Remember that they are very good places to go to for information , to get books , or just to go somewhere quite .
You can always find a library around , there are NO @CAPS1 !
Well if you don't like to read or be quite , then you shouldn't go .
I 'm going to leave that to yourself .