Books can always be amazing things in how they take us to whole new worlds and how they enlighten us to new ideas we @MONTH1 have never thought about before .
However , are some books just too much to handle and should not be read ?
Well think what you @MONTH1 , but I believe all reading and media materials should stay on their shelves in libraries because people should have a right to know what is in the real world , even some of the bad parts .
Different assortments of media should definately not leave libraries or be banned from them because people need to be educated in all that exists , they need to know even the bad things in this world so they can hopefully be educated enough about it they can go away from evil acts and help fight against them , and first and foremost it is their right to choose what they want to read because each individual must have the option to be who they want to be .
Though we can only hope that by giving people such knowledge they can rise up and do what is right .
Even education @DATE1 is being influenced by people saying that students can not be taught certain realms of knowledge , but in the long run does this really help people ?
If people were educated enough to know about everything we know and what they themselves as an individual choose to learn , wouldn't that help them from becoming curious and learning lies from an invalid source , instead of the array of resources they would have open to them at a library ?
Each individual should have the right to learn what they want to learn and should not be closed off from any resources , otherwise they @MONTH1 never learn the real truth behind a topic , which would work against the whole point of learning .
These seekers of knowledge should always be able to seek as they please , so that they @MONTH1 learn and hopefully make new advancements for everyones benefit , but they can only hope to this with proper education .
Another point to look at is that people need this variety of education , so they can work for causes important to them .
With knowledge people can make new innovations and create and spread new ideas to help make the world better .
Although this can only happen when they know both sides of the story , so that if they oppose something they can know what they are talking about and what they are pushing against and what cause they are pushing for .
The only way people can truly make their ideas heard will be when they can understand all about their topics .
Without certain points of information that could be taken out , people @MONTH1 have no backbone to what they are saying and then they would even hamper other people's learning processes as well .
Also another reason to not have censorship is that we all have rights in @LOCATION1 , and hopefully globaly someday , to be who we want to be in the pursuit of happiness as long as we do not hinder anyone else's dreams in our own pursuit .
People really just need to be who they really are in order to help the world and make differences , because if we were not allowed to be our own individuals then people would never advance .
Without this advancement , people would have just remained the same in their cultures and beliefs , but instead people chose to seek knowledge , and in doing so gave us the technology people have @DATE1 .
Harry @CAPS1 even argues in his popular books series that we must know the enemy to fight them .
Would he have become such a hit if others didn not believe this as well ?
To change this would go against the rights people have found for themselves , thus meaning if we gave these rights away , people would have regressed .
People should always be allowed to access all types of media , especially in librairies .
These media types help shape who each individual is and helps them to help make contributions to the world in their lives .
Though there wil ; l always be bad media , we must understand even the bad in this world , so that hopefully people will make the choice to combat it .
We all certainly would not be the people we are @DATE1 without all the influences on us and by taking away even parts of knowledge we would end up only dehabilatating ourselves .
These choices all help us to hopefully advance and continue forward into the depths of understanding , so that knowledge will continue on forever