I believe that if some people don't like a certain book or movie then they should be able to tell the library about that itme and it should be removed from the library .
The library should allow people who use the library to take away things that are offensive to its customers .
Some parents who come into a library with their children let their children go off and look at books by themselves which is what my @CAPS1 used to let me do when I was a kid .
If children are by themselves with no adult supervision and wander into an adult reading section they could look at something bad .
They could also buy a magazine that looks perfectly fine on the outside but have offensive images on the inside .
When I was ten years old , my family and I went on vacation to @LOCATION1 .
We were watching a baseball game that was on commercial break one night .
We were fliping through the channels wating for the game to come on .
We were all watching the television when an offensive image came on the televison that children's eyes shoudn't see .
That occurance happened when I nor my parents wanted me to see it .
That image was an adult image and was meant for adults only , but childrens eyes can see it as well .
Libraries should think of this when they are puting books and magazines on their shelves .
They might be making a little bit of money but they are effecting a childs life in a negative way .
Things like this could happen in a library also because children who are young won't always know what is a childs book and what is an adult magazine .
Children also might ask their parents for music that the case of the music might look fine on the outside , but have cursing and bad things on the inside .
This is the reason why all items in a library that are offensive to people should be removed from libraries .
If people who go to the library don't like something on the shelves they should be able to ask the library to take the item off the shelve .
The libray might not do it everytime , but taking items off the shelves would make libraries more enjoyable and safe for children .
If the library doesn't take the items off the shelve it could effect their business in a negative way .
The library should only take off the items that regular visitors to the library ask for .
The library shoudn't listen to someone who has visited the library only a few times .
The library should listen to its customers that visit the library often .
I think that all offensive images to people that visit the library should be taken off the shelves and removed from the library .
The library should listen to its customers not only because it could effect their business , but becasue it could effect the lives of children in a positive or negative way .