Reading is very popular .
It is something to do when you are sitting at home and also when you are in the classroom .
School libraries are filled with defferent varieties of books and magazines and such .
Some of these books could be arguably offensive to some people .
These books should not be taken away from the library shelves .
There are some books that some people find so offensive that they can not even continue to read the rest of the book .
Whether it be sexual or even political , if the reader finds it offensive they will not read the rest of the book .
There are books out there that describe in detail sexual scenes and many parents do not want their kids to read these kinds of books .
This is no reason to remove the books from the library shelves .
It @MONTH1 be offensive to certain people but if you took it off of the shelves it would not be available for others to read who can handle that kind of story .
Parents ' kids should simply not read these books .
Libraries can not take the books away all together from readers who enjoy these kinds of books .
There are also books about politics .
Majority of people stand firm with politics and do not budge when it comes to discussing what they believe is right or true .
When a reader comes across a book that is against the way they see politics , there can be a real problem .
With politics being a serious matter , many people can overreact when someone tells them what they believe and think is true is really not .
Politicians themselves especially .
Still , many authors write about political matters and some books can educate the reader about points that they have not yet seen before .
If a reader does not agree with what the author is writing or they find it offensive , they should not read the book .
There are plenty of other readers out there that would like to read that book and to learn more about politics .
If a reader knows that this kind of reading offends them , then they should know better than to pick up the book in the first place .
Many libraries offer music , movies and magazines to check out and to take home .
It is true that many of these movies or the lyrics in the songs could strike someone as offensive .
For this reason , they should not check them out .
Many people enjoy music or movies that have offensive language .
It is something that adds to the song or movie .
People know their limits and if they know the contents then they should stay away .
As long as there are other readers and people who like those kinds of books and music then they should keep them on the shelf .
Taking them away would only take away from the number of people who visit the library .
You could go to your local library and find people looking through the music section , and the music section is the only reason they come to the library in the first place .
The music and movie section should stay in libraries .
The people that are checking them out should be mature and responsible enough to know if they find the contents offensive .
Libraries should not take certain books , movies , and magazines away that some people find offensive .
Some books and music do have contents that are offensive to some readers and viewers .
However , if it is offensive to the first person , it does not mean it will be offensive to the next .
The libraries need to keep these sections in their libraries for all different kinds of readers .
Reading is an extremely popular activity .
Readers want a variety of books , music and movies to choose from .