In every school or library many people see books that are inappropriate for their taste .
Everyone has their own opinion , and what might seem offensive to you , @MONTH1 be something that someone might want to know about .
So should we take the books that only the majority of the people think are offensive off the shelves , or should we keep them anyways ?
Here is what I believe we should do .
Books are meant for learning and for pleasure not to try to offend anyone .
They each have their own purpose and there was a reason for why they were written .
There are tons of books out there that many people dont like , but that doesn't mean someone else doesn't .
We should keep the books in the schools and in libraries , because @MONTH1 be they might help someone in a way and if they weren't there , how would that person get help if nothing else was avalible ?
One thing we can do is categorize the books by the genre , so that way people know what they are looking for .
Many people find these books that are 'offensive ' because they come across them randomly .
If each book was put into a certain category then that incedent wouldn't happen .
It also helps keep everything organized that way .
So when you go into the library you know what you are looking for , you can just go right to that section and not look at anything else that @MONTH1 be offensive to you .
Keeping books on shelves is what all libraries and schools intend to do .
That is the main reason for libraries .
They help you learn and get information about things that maybe you can't get anywhere else .
If every library took off the books each person complained about what the point in having the library ?
There would be nothing left .
In all , everyone is entitled to their opinion and has a right to think that a book is offensive , but the reality is that it was written for a reason .
If the library or the person who published it thought it was going to be a big deal , they probably wouldnt have put it out there for the world to see .
So keeep the books on the shelves