Going to the library is always a struggle when someone is faced with so many different genres of books .
That isnt the only choice they are faced with either .
There is music and magazines too .
Just within the books , there are so many different subjects and catagories between kids books , biographies , autobiographies , etc .
On top of that there are alot of different types of music to fit everyones different styles .
Some people might say that some of the books and/or music could be found offensive or not appropriate .
But out of all the meterial in the library , I don't think there should be a problem with staying away from a the things that you might find offensive .
Therefore I do not think that certain books or music should be kept away from the shelves due to a few self opinions .
There are multiple different books in a library and just because one might find one book offensive doesnt mean that the book should be pulled off the shelves .
The reason being is that someone else could find that book as a good resource and @MONTH1 need it for something they are doing .
People should know what they are looking for at the library and if they think that a book @MONTH1 be offensive then they could keep their self from checking out that book .
This problem is similar to others around the world .
For example , when you go to the mall there are shops that you know you like and go to , and you stay away from the ones that you dont like or @MONTH1 find offensive due to the items they sell .
That doesnt mean that store should be banned from the mall .
Thats because some people might find that store interesting and want to purchase some of thier items .
I think the same reasoning goes for different books and meterial at the library .
A way that a library could adress this problem with out pulling theses books from the shelves is maybe taking a survey from thier local visitors in thier town by asking them what they think on some of the different genres of books and different styles of music .
After taking this survey the library then could seperate these items into different catagories or sections within the library .
This could help this problem tremendously due to the fact people could stay away from those sections that they might find offensive and find what they are looking for alot easier .
I know when I sit down and read im not always caught reading the most popular subjects .
I like to read subjects such as murder files , drug bust , biographies , and autobiographies .
And then when it comes to music I listen to a wide variety of music such as hip-hop , country , alternative , rock , etc .
Some people @MONTH1 find that wierd and unusual but it just goes to show that not everyone wants to read and listen to the same thing .
Therefore the library should keep the wide selection of different meterial and keep everyone happy