I think that they libraries should not remove any of the books they have now .
If parents or people dont want to read those type of books they dont have to .
But they should'nt be removed .
I agree that some books are inappropriate and have bad language in them but thats part of the book and how the story was made .
When a book is made they way it is and is already published there should'nt be any changes made to it .
If a story contains a certain scene that a person believes should'nt be in the book , that person needs to put that book back and choose another book they think is appropriate .
Some people like to read stories with details so they can picture it in there mind .
I know I do .
In libraries they have books with inappropriate language and scenes discribed but to a certain age .
I think you have to be thirteen or older to read them , and thats a good thing because by that age you know things better and your parents should'nt be too worried .
So in my opinon I dont think they should be removed from libraries .
On the other hand movies that have scenerios that are disturbing should be removed .
Movies are a whole different thing then books .
They show the material that is being described and I dont think teens should be watching that .
They can be very unappropriate and disturbing to some people like me .
I would'nt want to watch that in front of my mom or dad and especially a younger sibbling .
Then again its just my opinion .
If parents are okay with there child or children watching that then it should'nt be a problem .
Music is'nt that bad .
There are a lot of parents who dont want there child or children listening to a sertain type of music because of their religion and what they believe in .
I totally agree .
My parents at the beggining would'nt let me listen to music where all they would do is sing about sex and curse over and over .
As I got older they did'nt care much because I would'nt listen to it as much .
Im a teen and I also believe that some of the music now in days in not very appropriate for anyone at any age .
Some of what they sing does'nt even make much sense .
In libraries I think they should only have music that realates in some how to the books .
Magazines are not really a problem .
Most of the magazines talk about beauty and fashion tips .
They have horoscopes and give advise .
A lot of the magazines keep people updated on celeberties and there life style .
It has some what gossip .
There mostly for older teens and grown ups .
For younger teens and kids there's more appropriate magazines where they talk about younger celeberties .
This is my point of view on things .
I know that a lot of people dont entirely agree with me but this is what I think .
I also know that there @MONTH1 be a lot of people who agree with me and they 'll most likely give the same reasons as I did to support their choice