Have you ever sondered through the libray just to specifically find that one good book , magazine , or even cd that didn't involve inapropiate material for once ?
You feel like a little kid in the shopping mall just inpatiently waiting to find that one toy , but it never shows up .
You spend seconds , minutes , even hours still slowly pacing back and forth shelf to shelf , and finally you find it and you open it and see the most innapropriate picture ever , or maybe listen to the most vulgure language , or even take a skim through the most offensive reading yet .
Do you wish it 'd change ?
I visit the library every time after i finish my book , I have loved reading from the time I was little .
Lately i feel like my reading iterest has gone down though , not due to my act of being involved in other things , but possibly because lately I feel like every book I pick up comes off offensive .
For example I went to the check out a new book , I was mind boggled at this time because unlike usual I had no clue on which book I was even interested on to read next .
The librarian directed me to there new best seller and said addressed it and said it was as hard to put down as a lollipop .
I checked it out and after the first paragraph I wanted to throw up .
This book and too gory and i felt like it downgraded women , I was anything but satisfied .
This wasn't the first book me or my friends had checked out like this , and I have a feeling it won't be the last .
I just hope i could check out a book not so offensive and actually worth my time , but it seems like lately they are all changing and becoming too much for me , and it really upsets me .
Our library seems to be over packed with magazines , which isn't a bad thing because I love them .
I label magazines as a light read and very good at passing free time .
I never get tired of all the pictures , all the gossip , and all the jokes at the end .
Lately my opinion has changed though , these magazines are starting to alter and I don't like it .
It seems as if I can't open my page without seeing a half dressed girl , some innapropriate advertisement , or even tons of personal display of affection .
Seeing these vulgare images are enough to make me not only flip the page , but also never second guess about opening a magazine again .
Music is like a drug to me , and I am addicted .
There is never a day that goes by that I do not listen to music , but lately music just isn't the same .
I go to the library to check out some new cd's and it seems everything I bother listening to uses every curse word out there .
I was furious after my purchase , but also disappointed that people actaully sell this garbage .
I am somebody who listens to music to relax , not develop a new innapropriate vocabulary .
I know there are plenty of good books , magazines , and music out there .
We just need to find it again .
I hope that we can banish these offensive , vulgar , and unnesesary items at the library .
I know i 'd greatly appreciate it , and from what I heard many others would too .
We want reading utensils worth reading , we want magazines our eyes won't mind to take a glance at , and we won't music that won't pollute our brains