Do you believe that if you just take a book off a shelf you or your kids won't be exposed to offensive material ?
If you do , then you are wrong .
You can't isolate your family or other families from the world because you are scared that they might pick up something bad .
Everyday , whether they read a book or not they are still exposed to vulger behavior .
'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right ot remove that book from the shelf- that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any us . '
@CAPS1 quote by Katherine Paterson also helps understand the concept .
If someone were to take a book off of a shelf at their home , a public library , or maybe even a store that they found offensive at any point in the book , then there would be no books left for children and even adults to read .
In every book there is some form of material that people @MONTH1 not be a fan of .
There would soon be nothing left .
There isn't a day that goes by that a kid doesn't hear something offensive .
Even at school , where it's supervised , children bring words that they have heard their parents say or things that they have seen their parents do , and they share them with other kids .
You can't protect them from every small encounter they are faced with .
Some books are by far more offensive than others , but are you going to give a kid a book that has vulgar language or , will you give a child a book that's about @CAPS2 the @CAPS3 running out of honey in his jar ?
Most children don't go to a library or a store without super vision if their parent is @CAPS1 careful about just books .
Therefore , their parents probably aren't going to allow them to pick up a obscene book or magazine , and in fact they would probably try to hide it from them .
If a book is put on a shelf then it is there for those who enjoy that material .
If you can't make the world kid safe , then why would you try to make a library the same exact way .
There are other people out there that might find the very material that you that is offensive fascinating , and a library is there to suit everyone's needs .
It isn't there for just children .