I think that we should remove certain things like movies , music and books should definitely be a debate because in these days people are doing things that they never done before .
For an example music , music is a great cause of things that people motivate to do things and get really into the songs .
They try to do the same things as what there favorite artist or actor does .
I hear some songs and they talk about illegal things and I look around the world I hear children talking about those things and they tell there parents what is that ?
But they just dont want to tell them the truth but once these kids get older they will know what it is and it will be there choice if they want to follow that path or think about something else .
But about the people who are singing this , they 're putting it in a way that is not bad you could do this all the time and enjoy it with out getting introuble and in reality these kids are blind and dont know what there getting them selves into .
Also , many books have offensive language that kids read all the time but people dont even notice .
That's how kids could get introuble in school because they learn a new word in some book they never read or cant even read cause there to young to understand but they do it anyways beacause of curiosity , they dont know what there doing .
Thats a way how a child becomes bad cause person when he or she becomes older cause they learned things that they shouldnt have learned .
I think that we as a good country should make sections into what people can read and cant read , and it should depend how old is the person .
Some school librarys , have movies that kids could watch and it could be if your a elementry school , middle school etc .
But some of these movies have offensive language and some appropriate scenes , that kids would want and learn how to do those type of things .
Or how they see the actors in the movie and they curse and they think is cool cause there doing it as well .
I think that elementry students should watch only pg movies , middle school pg @NUM1 and down , and for the high school , we should be able to see basically any movie , but in the same time I think most of the high school students have to be more mature , thats probably why we still dont have the priblige to see any movie cause peolpe dont know how to handle them selves .
Finally , I really think they should minimum some movies , music and books cause kids are learning things they shouldnt be learning until they get older , and that those three things change the world in so many diffrent ways , some are good but most of them are bad , these are my opinions .