Books , magazines , movies , and music are created with a huge diversity .
Fiction , @ORGANIZATION1 , horror , fashion , sciencefiction , and many more categories of literature are made .
There is something out there everyone will enjoy .
What would you do if you did not have the choice to read , listen to , or watch the materials you like because someone else had an ill opinion of it ?
Everyone has an opinion .
It @MONTH1 be in favor of something or it @MONTH1 not be .
I believe every book , movie , magazine , and other piece of literature should have a rightful place on the shelf .
To some people it @MONTH1 be offensive , but that does not mean they have to read it .
Someone @MONTH1 enjoy a piece of work another finds offensive .
It is all a matter of opinion .
The opinion of one person should not effect materials being able to be on a shelf or not .
If you walked into a libraray and the shelves were filled with books , but only books everyone had a good opinion about the shelves wouldn't seem very full .
It is hard to get two people to agree on the same thing .
Imagine trying to get everyone to agree on the literature in a public libraray .
Censorship is understandble to an extent , but I believe the libraries should organize all their literature into categories and sections .
In these categoires and section people @MONTH1 look for the materials they wish to see and avoid the offensive materials they do not .
Libraries have rated @CAPS1 movies .
Many people could consider rated @CAPS1 movies to be offensive , but many people could enjoy watching rated @CAPS1 movies .
Who wins , the people who find then offensive or the people who enjoy them ?
It is a hard choice to make .
I believe the libraries should carry the movies and if someone finds them offensive they should simply not watch them .
The same goes for books , magazines , and music .
If you find it offensive simply do not read it or listen to it .
There are hundreds of different sytles of writing , plots of movies , lyrics of songs , and covers of magazines .
They have such a diversity because everyone has a different opinion of the lyrics , covers , styles , and plots .
They can not censor things just because some people find them offensive .
Others @MONTH1 enjoy them .
What would you do if your favorite book was not allowed in your public lirbaray