It is known that anybody is able to rent books , movies , music , and magazines in libraries .
It is also known that some of the material in libraries @MONTH1 be offensive or inapropriet .
While some people beleive that such items should be removed from the shelves , I beleive that books , magazines , movies , and music should not be removed from the shelves .
People should be able to read , listen , or watch watever they want to , if someone doesn't want something that they find offensive in their house then he or she doesn't have to get it , and it doesn't mean that something that seems offensive still isn't enjoyable .
The most important reason why I beleive that items that appear to be offensive should not be removed from library shelves is because people should be able to read , listen , or watch watever they want to .
Anybody is entitled to his or her own preference .
Some people prefer @CAPS1 rated movies or music with explicit content .
If that's what people are interensted in then so be it .
Anybody should not have to stop renting something that they want just because someone else doesn't want them to .
Furthermore , if someone doesn't want something that they find offensive in his or her house then just don't get it .
Noone is forcing anyone to listen to or watch something that they don't want .
It is actually a very simple matter .
It's a choice whether someone wants to watch or listen to what they want , and they don't really have the right to be able to tell someone else that they can't watch or listen to what they want .
If someone doesn't perfer something then they don't have to get it .
Finally , just because something seems offesnsive doesn't mean that it still isn't enjoyable .
The @CAPS5 example that I can think of is a movie that is @CAPS1 rated .
Just because a movie is rated @CAPS1 doesn't mean that it still doesn't have a good story or moral to it .
Their are plenty of rated @CAPS1 movies that have won @CAPS5 @CAPS6 and plenty of other rewards .
Another example is the singer @ORGANIZATION1 .
While his music @MONTH1 be offensive , their are still many people that enjoy it .
Certain things that offend people can be enjoyed by other people .
In conclusion , noone has the right to be able to stop anyone from renting what they want from a library .
People just really need to mind their own business and not worry about what other people find enjoyable .
Certain books , movies , music , and magazines are only offensive if certain people beleive that they are .
People can only choose what they want , and nothing more