My name is @CAPS1 and my views on censorship in libraries are that if any material that are found offensive should be take off the shelves .
I have never came across a material that was offensive to me , but maybe someone else has and it really offended them .
I 'm not the type of person who would start an argument but i am a type of person who will speak whats on my mind and tell you what i believe in .
People are concerned about if libraries take off certain kinds of books that their will not be books left on the shelves for anyone else .
I have to say there are other places you can buy books at beside the libraries such as stores as in @ORGANIZATION1 , @ORGANIZATION2 , and etc .
Like i said i have never came across a book that i think should be pulled off the shelf , but of course i don't read a whole lot either but the books i have read i have never came a crossed any that were terrible .
Books that have like how people can kill themselves , or how people get pregnant , and so on , them can be pulled off the shelves , but if you have a child in the library they shouldnt even be in the adult book section anyways , they should be in the kids book section .
I have never heard of a kid book that is terrible and that should be pulled off the shelf .
Most authors are smarter then that , or at least i would hope so .
Music is a whole story its self .
In my opinon if you don't want your kids to listen to adult music then don't let them .
I know a lot of music that is bad and that i would never let my children listen to it but i know well enough if i don't want them to listen to it them i 'm not going to play it while their around .
I grew up around rap music so thats all i listen to , but when i have kids i know what they will be able to listen to and what they wont be able to listen to .
Movies is the one that i have a problem with the most because in libraries , and other places such as , @ORGANIZATION1 , and book stores they just put out movies for EVERYONE to see and it doesn't matter what's on the cover or what it's called .
Now movies with bad covers and bad titles could be pulled off the shelves such as all the ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 ' movies .
The name of the movies aren't bad but the movie its self is not for a child to see so why even have it out on shelves for kids to see and want to watch it ?
Magazines and etc i don't have a big problem with because libraries don't have bad ones , but book stores do such as 'playboy and play girl ' but they are usually put back in the very back behind all other magazines so children can't see them only adults can .
The only way a child would see them is only if you point them out .
I think i 've said all i can say about my opinions and my experiences about books , music , movies , and magazines in libraries that should or shouldn't be pulled off the shelves .
I havn't had a lot of experience but maybe that's because i don't have kids yet , i guess i will find out when i do have kids .
I happy to explain my experiences and opinions to people who really care and want to know