I believe that some materials in the libary should be taken off .
Some people @MONTH1 find them offensive because they might have bad things in them .
Some types of music have bad language in them and people dont want little kids finding them .
If a little kid saw that stuff then they would learn bad things .
And they would say it in front of everybody and then everybody would being saying it .
Alot of books are ok to read because they dont have bad things in them .
some people like reading books that have drama and some people dont .
Most books re ok to read .
But some can have langauge in them and ahouldnt be aloud in the libary .
But they can still be in there because some people might want to read them .
If people dont want to read them then they shouldnt get them .
Some movies have bad stuff in there .
That kind of stuff should not be in there because alot of people dont want to watch movies like that .
And if a kid would walk in there and get one and if it had that stuff and the parent fount out then the libary could get sewed for having that stuff .
So they should be taken out of the libary so people wont get them .
The libary can keep children movies in there to watch because they are not bad .
If i worked at a libary then i would take magazines out .
Sports magazines would be ok to keep in there .
But alot of the others ones should not be there because they have alot of bad things in there and i wouldnt let people take them so i wouldnt have them in there .
But sports and stuff would be ok because sports are not bad for people to read .
People like reading about sports because it is interesting to read .
That is just what i thank .
Other people might see it the other way and they can .
People are different and they will thank different things .
Some people might want to read that and some people dont .
So it just shows you that people are different because they thank things different then other people do .
And some libaries have that stuff and some dont .
sp if you are one of those people that like that stuff then go to one of them that have that stuff .
And if you are one of those people that dont then go to one that dont have that stuff so you can get what you want and they can get what they want