The library is a public place .
Everyone is allowed acces to the library .
It supplies everyday people with information that they are seeking to learn about .
There are so many different forms of information and entertainment offered inside libraries .
Books , music , movies , etc , they all can be found there .
Since they all can be found , censorship in libraries should not be allowed .
Genres were created for a reason .
Certain items have different forms to them .
There are many forms of music .
Classical , rock , and blues are some examples .
Since music is categorized in such a way , there should be no need for them not to be on the shelves at a library .
If a certain type of music or book is known to be offensive , then that certain genre can be avoided .
There is no need to even visit a section of the library if one knows that he or she finds it offensive .
In the @CAPS1 the @CAPS2 people are given many rights that are often taken for granted .
The freedom of speech is one .
It is a privilege that if taken away would tear @CAPS3 a part .
The freedom to say what you please also includes singing .
Certain music that is on the shelves at a library does have the right to be there .
Just because a certain group of individuals finds the type of music offensive , does not mean everyone also thinks that way .
For this reason any genre of music can sit on the shelves at a library .
Another freedom given to the @CAPS2 people is the freedom of press .
Anything put onto paper is legal .
Criticizing the government or fantasising about school , it is all legal .
Books can be offensive to many people .
They can persuade one in ways that is unbelievable .
Like music , books have many categories .
Whatever is put inside those books is allowed to be there no matter what .
Movies are located at libraries as well .
They are categorized just as much as books and music .
The term ' @CAPS5 judge a book by it's cover ' is true sometimes .
This can also be used with movies .
The title of a moive or book will tell what it is about .
Certain movies that are not meant to be seen by children are rated @CAPS6 or @NUM1 .
These ratings help censor things to a certain extent .
It is not illegal for a library to have a rated @CAPS6 movie .
It is illegal however to check one out to a child of a young age .
Censorship should not be allowed in libraries .
All types of genres of all types of entertainment can be found in libraries .
From books to videogames there are ratings and generes .
If someone is offended by these types of entertainment they should not visit that section of the library .
It is not illegal to have certain types of music , books , movies , etc inside a library .
As long as no laws are being broken , there should be no problem .