Censoring @CAPS1 We all know that language is the foundation of human legacy .
Language is spoken to mean anything the speaker is trying to communicate .
To take books from the shelves is to steal the words from the mouths of many great speakers .
We have the obligation to keep the @CAPS1 that we have created alive .
If something is forgotten , it is as if nothing happened .
If nothing happened , it will reoccur- good or bad .
To hide away words from our children is wrong .
If not by word of print , word of mouth will lead them to the same discoveries as they would have come to if reading it from a book .
But even more importantly , what good is hiding the truth ?
When many speak of tragic incidences , they speak , ' @CAPS2 forget . '
If we should not forget , why should the youth @CAPS2 learn ?
There is nothing in print that can not be conveyed in a different communication form .
Our @CAPS1 is written on the pages of literature .
The books we read are the property of all humanity and should be read by all to educate us of our mistakes as well as our triumphs .
A commonly debated topic in the world of censorship is 'The @CAPS3 of @CAPS4 @CAPS5 . '
@CAPS6 is a novel that displays what life was truly like in one of @LOCATION1's most racially barbaric times .
One might argue the fact that it uses an offensive ' n ' word more than a few times .
To @CAPS6 one might argue that @PERSON3 , the @CAPS7 @CAPS8 that stood by @PERSON2 was loved by @PERSON2 .
A book in @CAPS6 time displaying a friendship between a black and a white man is truly a ground breaking feat .
The ' n ' word was common place in @CAPS6 time period- a friendship between a black man and a white man was not .
Is it really important that a child knows of just another offensive word that they are bound to discover eventually anyway , or is it more important that they learn that color of skin does not change a person ?
Do not take the opportunity for a child to learn what really matters away .
To take one book away is to take all of them away .
Censoring one piece of literature opens the doors of debate for every other piece ever created .
The world has seen what can happen when things get censored .
During @PERSON1's dictatorship , nearly everything from the internet , to books , to newspwpers , to television programming , to movies , to music , to magazines were censored so only what the dictatorship wanted got through .
The people were brainwashed , and those who were not rose up , and when they did they were shot down .
Do not let the world come to that .
We are better than that and our literature shows it .
In other words , to censor media and the literature that surrounds us , we deprive ourselves of education and freedoms that are critical to the well being of future generations .
Do not hide the free speech of authors , do not hide our @CAPS1 from our children , do not let us make the same mistake that has been made before .
Let us educate our children for the future of humanity .
Let our @CAPS1 not repeat itself .
Let us innovate and create a new , better world .
Let us allow our words to flow freely .
Let us allow our legacy to live on .