In many @CAPS1 libraries across the nation , a numerous amount of : books , magazines , movies and music aren't provided because they are found offensive .
I do not believe this should happen because everybody is unique and @MONTH1 find different types of work offensive .
Who is it that chooses these items to be taken out of libraries and why should they be the only ones to say what goes and what stays ?
Everybody is different in their own way and everyone has their own interests and opinions .
Some people are athletic , gothic , preppy and nerdy .
The library is open to anybody that wishes to enter .
What happens if the people that choose what content is provided in the library , doesn't like scary books , so they take all of the scary books out ?
What if their is a person that only reads scary books ?
What then will they have to read ?
I bet if that person had the ability to choose what stays and what goes in the library , they would only have horror in the library .
I do not believe that anybody should have the right to censor what content is provided in @CAPS1 libraries .
Everyone has their own opinion and interests so they should have everything open in libraries .
There is a reason that @CAPS1 libraries are called @CAPS1 .
That means that it is open to anyone and everyone .
There should be all kinds of different genres to read and all sorts of movies to choose from .
Just because one person doesn't like a certain kind of genre , or doesn't find it appropriate for a certain viewing audience , does not mean that they can take it out of a @CAPS1 library .
That would be why there is such thing as sections in libraries .
If you don't find a certain type of book appropriate , place it in the ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 ' section of your library .
For example : @PERSON1 , he is a very popular author to many different viewing audiences .
His ideas are very different than most .
He writes horror but displays gore and a lot of sexual content in his writing .
It is his own writing style .
If the people that choose what is in the libraries , don't find that appropriate or if they find it offensive , they should put it in the ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 ' sections or even the ' @CAPS3 ' section .
It should be up to the childrens ' parents what their kid is reading ; not the library itself .
I do not believe that anyone should choose what is and isn't provided in libraries .
Everybody is unique , different and have their own opinions on different things and ideas .
If you remove a specific type of book , movie , magazine or music from a library , and it's the only kind a certain person reads , what then will they have to read ?
What if somebody took out the kind that only you like to read ?
What then will you do ?
If everybody had the choice and right to do this , I don't think that anything will be left in libraries .
All genres of everything should be available to the @CAPS1 .
If you don't find a book appropriate , place it in the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 section of your library to still have it open to anybody .
That would just be a big @CAPS9 to anybody who decides to pick it up and read it .
You need to think of everybody , not just yourself .