Should books , magazines ect ... really be censored , taken off a shelf in a library , just because you might find them offensive ?
Some of you who are reading this would say yes , but why ?
What would be the reason behind it ?
So to answer the first question I asked , my answer would have to be no , because a library is a public place for all ages , and each area is labeled or should be labeled the genre of book , magazine , ect .. it is .
I myself read almost just about everything I can get my hands on , and for some people its the same way .
Yes , I understand that if it is offensive to you that you probably would feel they should censor it , but what about those that it isn't offensive to ?
What would you say to them ?
How would you explain why it was offensive ?
Most of all how would you react if they held it against you ?
If it was because of one person or a small group of people that one of my favorite books or series was censored , in all honesty I would be pretty ticked .
Books are for everyone to read , they shouldn't not be able to read the books they love because they have been taken off the shelf .
I think that if a person really doesn't like the book and finds it offensive should then just ignore it , and move on to find another book , they shouldn't have looked at it in the first place .
Books will be offensive to some one some how , usually a book is written to target a certain group of people , for instance what if someone found the romance novels a lot of people love , offensive ?
What if that was all the person read ?
Well , the people who only read romance novels wouldn't have a book to read because , someone had them censored and taken off the shelves .
Books have been written , to help teach , get away from the real world , create a place to go for a person with an imagination , give someone hope , mystery , excitement .
Books aren't something that should be taken off a library shelf , they are a bit of something for some one who just loves to read .
Yes , there would be books you don't want your kids , grandkids , nieces and nephews to read , but that can't be helped , you can't censor every book that you don't want them to read or find offensive for them .
If you did there wouldn't be a single book on a library shelf .
So for those of you who have read this , think about it , when you pick up a book and find it offensive do you want to make someone else upset because you had it taken off the shelf ?
You never know when that might happen to you , think about it before you go and tried to do that to a book .