Taking 'offensive ' books from the shelves of libraries is like taking away the right of speech .
There is not a point to it .
People in this country have the right of speech .
Along with that comes the right to have your voice be heard .
An author's opinions @MONTH1 be offensive to some but does that mean he or she should not have a voice ?
Writers get their ideas from somewhere society plays a huge role in what ideas these authors conjer up , taking these books away will not change the way people think and feel , and most importantly citizens of the @LOCATION1 have the right to make their own choices ; that being if you don't like a book don't check it out .
Writers @MONTH1 state things that to some degree @MONTH1 offend one in a million people .
Others see it as freedom of speech and writing .
An author who writes a story that involves sex is not trying to extend their writing and thoughts to second graders .
But if a person has a problem with the way the author sees the world walking out their front door will show that same thing .
Some books @MONTH1 be fictional but that does not mean they don't get ideas from somewhere else .
Society plays a big part in the ideas and thoughts of most writers .
So when they write a book that has 'inappropriate ' actions in it they got it from the way people truly are in the world .
Banning a book from the library that has a sex scene or provacitive language does not -- by any means -- make the world stop having sex and saying curse words .
Kids are learning this through hearing their parents swear or their peers in class talking about sex .
Reading a book about it will not change the fact that they are still learning about it in many other ways .
If the books that swear were no longer on library shelves society still will not change .
There is no perfect society .
Setting a book on a shelf with offensive language does not cause harm to anyone .
If an idividual doesn't like the way an author expresses themselves through their writing that person should not check that author's books out from the library .
No single person is forced to read a book they are offended by .
Getting rid of a book because of an unhappy parent does nothing but waste paper and intelligence .
The library is not liable for the feelings of the readers .
If the reader does not like the book they are able to close it .
No one has glued their fingers to it .
Many people in today's world would agree that banning books from our public libraries will not have as much of an effect as some would like it to .
Banning books is an unknowledgeable thing to do to keep your kids from learning bad things .
Society shows that the writers are getting their ideas from somewhere , taking these books away will not take away the way people think and behave , and if some one does not like a book they should not read it