One could understand why some would wish to censor libraries and remove all rude , unwanted , or offensive forms of media from thier shelves .
However , one must take into account that , as Katherine Paterson said , if one person has 'the right to remove that [ a ] book from the shelf ... then you have exactly the same right and so does everyone else . '
With that thought in mind , do we honestly think that censorship of libraries is a smart idea ?
If everyone was able to pick and choose which books to be taken off the shelf or which music to ban , then we would have nothing left .
You simply can not please everyone .
Are there benefits ?
Of course there are benefits .
One certainly wouldn't want one's child exposed to certain material at a young age .
But one must not censor libraries !
If one wishes , as a responsible parent , that their child keep away from a particular book or movie , they should take that matter into their own hands and not condemn the book off the shelf .
By condemning the book , one condemns the author .
As an @CAPS1 , one has the freedom of speech , and this applies to media as well .
The author has the right to author a book that some @MONTH1 view as offensive , and no one has the right to remove his or her right from the standing .
Paper burns at @NUM1 degrees @CAPS2 .
In the classic novel by @PERSON2 , @CAPS2 @NUM1 , the protagonist struggles through life in a world antagonized by the banning and burning of books .
The story takes place in the future , however , it contains an interesting undertone that hints at the possiblity that this 'future ' @MONTH1 be nearer than first imagined .
To be blunt , the protagonist's life is horrible , he lives in a world that bans books , yet he is quite the bibliophile .
He is employed as a fireman , not to clear fires , but to create them .
@PERSON2's firemen are responsible for the delicate task of book burning , which is a rather frequent occurance .
However , with the main character's love for literature , how can he burn books ?
Throughout the novel , the character tries to come to terms with himself and attempts to put an end to the madness , only to be forced out of civilized society .
The book is freightening , but an amazing read : it emphasizes the dire reality of censorship .
It's everywhere .
Now , one certainly doesn't need to worry about @PERSON2's futuristic hell , coming to life any time soon .
But one should know the dangers of censorship .
No one person has the right to remove a book from the shelves that they feel is offensive , let alone ban it entirely .
The banning of books , is a banning of freedom .
Freedom of speech , freedom of ideas , freedom of thought .
Another disutopian world that comes to mind is the world of @ORGANIZATION1's @DATE1 .
Though , granted , our society is certainly not headed for that any time soon , if ever : it is still a valid point .
Once some freedoms are removed , others will follow .
Libraries should remain entirely intact , forever .
Every person , every man , woman and child should have ample access to knowlede .
Whether this knowledge be gained through books , magazines , movies or music , it needs to be readily avaliable .
Instead of banning certain media , one should label said media with a warning .
Parents should have enough sense to pay attention and thus , the problem is solved .
Censorship is wrong , censorship is unnessesary , and there are a plethora of alternative means for protection against pottentially 'offensive ' media .
Thus , the case can rest with the knowledge that all forms of media need to availiable , no matter what the content