There are many books out there that parents would not want there children reading .
Some books have violence and crimes , others have love and romance .
But it is not the best idea to use censorship in libraries .
There are many books out there that might not be good for children to read , but it might help them make better choices in real life .
Also , we can not forget about freedom of the press .
With freedom of the press anyone can write about anything they want .
They can write about the good , the bad , violence , crimes , love , and romance .
Everyone has there own way of writing and there own imagination .
Without imagination what fiction would there be for children to read .
There would be nothing to write about without imagination .
With censorship , there would not be any books on the library shelves for children to read .
If the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would not be any books to read because every book has something to censor .
Wethear it is swearing , guns , killing , romance , or love .
There is something in every book that in innapproperate for children to read .
If the libraries were to censor the books on the shelves there would nothing left to read , and the intelligence of children would drop dramatically .
Children read for many reasons , like to expand there minds and to enter a world where the book takes place .
But what children might not know is that reading also strengthens there vocabulary .
When children read they learn many new words that are in that book .
While they are reading the book opens there mind to much more then what they are used to and normally around everyday .
When they are reading the children expand the minds and also helps them with everyday situations .
This is why I do not believe that censorship in libraries is not a great idea .
If libraries censorship books and everything else on the shelves there would be nothing left for children at the libraries .
They would be stuck reading books where they do not learn anything .
They would read the same books over and over , they wouldnt learn anything new .
There wouldnt be anything the could expand there minds with .
That is something we certinly do not want for our community or anywhere for that matter