The common phrase 'knowledge is power ' accurately paints the situation at hand .
Through censorship in libraries , which are meant to allow free access to all media-related materials , we take away the opportunity for people to empower themselves through knowledge .
The reasons for not censoring media in libraries are numerous and include , but are not limited to , unconstitutionality of censorship , the lack of proper definition for 'offensive ' , and the contradiction censorship poses to the core of what a library is .
The first , and most blatant , reason for not allowing the censorship of materials in libraries is the unconstitutionality of the matter .
Freedom of speech and freedom of press are both protected by the constitution upon which our country was founded .
Censorship of said materials will effectively undermine both of these rights .
Authors , illustrators , journalists and the slew of other individuals who compose the materials available in libraries are exercising their right to free speech through their works .
They are constitutionally protected in the things they say .
Notice that @CAPS1 have a right to free speech and not a right to free speech so long as no one is offended .
The freedom of press is the means by which they share their ideas and concepts with the world .
They are utilizing their free speech by means of press .
Censoring library materials would be limiting the means by which artists can share their ideas with citizens of the @LOCATION1 .
This would be a clear failure to uphold the rights of the citizens .
For this reason , we can not censor libraries .
The constitutional concept of equality of man plays into the situation as well .
There is no adequate legal definition of 'offend ' .
People could be offended by something as serious as a personal attack on their beliefs and personal entity or something as light as a personal distaste for certain mindsets and ideas .
So , because all men are equal , we would have to respect the 'offense ' taken by all people and to all degrees .
This leaves every single work of art , whether it be a book , movie , magazine or any other form provided by libraries , open to the fickle definition of offensive and vulnerable to the personal feelings of every individual .
If said offense taken by individuals to works is able to mark a work as 'offensive ' and thus make it open to removal from libraries , we are effectively allowing citizens to undermine the rights of other citizens .
This is something that can not be allowed in our libraries .
The final core issue is the essence of censorship versus the essence of a library .
Censorship is meant to create a politically correct and non-offensive environment through the limitation of exposure to materials .
Libraries , however , are meant to allow public access to works that stretch and challenge knowledge , beliefs , notions and all ideas held by people through the works of others .
Censorship can not be implemented without a clash with the essence of a library's purpose .
If censorship were to be enacted , a library could not provide new information if someone else did not like what was being taught .
A library could not provide works that challenge and stretch individual beliefs if someone was offended by the means by which the stretching occurred .
Pre-conceived notions could not be defeated with the presence of factual knowledge if someone did not like the truth .
In all of these ways , and many more , a library's core ideals and purpose could not be upheld with the induction of a system of censorship .
All in all , we can see that censorship could only hope to destroy the system libraries abide by .
The constitutional rights of citizens would be infringed upon , the fickle nature of humans and the lack of definition for 'offensive ' would allow people to undermine the rights of others , and the essence of what a library really is would be ravaged .
We can not , as @CAPS1 with rights , employ a system of censorship