We all have our favorite books and some we like others @MONTH1 not .
Have you ever walked into the library in hope of finding your all time favorite book that you nearly forgot about , or maby a book a friend recomended to you ?
What happens when you get there and the book has been censored ?
Most books we see in our public or school libraries are are bookes that are well liked or are favorites of many .
Books open a new world to everyone and should not be taken away .
To begin , I will explain some problems in our libraries .
Some people believe the books and magazines in our libraries should be censored and removed from the shelves because it could be offensive to some people because of racial shurs or comments .
This is a big problem because most books written years ago took place long ago like @PERSON1 for example , @MONTH1 be considered offensive but , this book gives a glimpse of what was going on in this time period and without it some people would never know what happened and we couldn't learn from those mistakes and make better choices in the future .
Some books that are censored have great educational value .
Everyone has there prefrence on books and what some say should be taken away because of what they think others @MONTH1 not .
If all books that are bad or offencive were taken off the shelves then eventually we would have no books left .
We have the right to read any book out there no matter how horrendus it @MONTH1 be , besides you can go to church and read worse things that are being censored out of our libraries .
If we couldn't read some books like many classics it would take educational value away from us all .
Think about all the books we have read and learned from that have the possibility of being censored .
Before someone gets into a book they should read the informational part on the back to see what it is about before they start to read something not suited for them .
I believe that no book should be censored and should have the freedom to sit on a shelf and be read by anyone who wants to read it .
Being censored is not protecting anyone it only makes things worse .
If someone feels offended then they shouldn't read it , it's their choice to pick it up or not .
Hopefully I have persuaded you that no book should be censored and everyone has the right to read what they want