Killings , murders , and homosexual books can all be offensive to one person or another , but that doesn't mean they should be taken away .
That is like saying I get offened by homework , take it out of @ORGANIZATION2 .
Some of the most interesting books to read are about murders , I think .
I belive they shouldn't be taken out or else no teenage kids would read in @ORGANIZATION1 .
Teenages like to have mystery and romance .
I know that one of my favorite books , The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 , would offend some people because it has murder in it .
That certainly doesn't mean it was not a good and interesting book for me .
They can just over look these books and pick another .
If you want to keep your @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 students interested you shouldn't take out book that might offend someone .
By taking out some books not everyone would be happy .
Some kids might not even read any more because you took the best books out of the library .
Every book in one way or another would offend someone .
They just need to overlook those books and read a diffrent one .
I have seen some books at my @ORGANIZATION2 that offended me , but i did not tell the libraian to take it out of the @ORGANIZATION2 .
Another student might have loved to read that book .
Everyone has diffrent oppions so there would not be any books left if they took out all the offensive ones .
The only books that would be left would be @PERSON1 the @CAPS3 and children books .
I do not know of any @ORGANIZATION2 @ORGANIZATION2 student that would want to read @PERSON1 the @CAPS3 and give a speech about it in class .
I 'm not sure how the teachers could do book reports any more ; all the books we read in class could offend someone .
If everything that offened someone was taken out of the schoolt there would be nothing left of the @ORGANIZATION2 .
See everyone has a diffrent oppion on everything .
That just isn't right .
In conclusion , books that offend someone shouldn't be taken out of schools and librarys .
They keep the @ORGANIZATION2 students reading and growing .
With out some of these books I myself wouln't like reading .
So lets be mature aldults and keep all the books on the shelves and ignore the books that offend us