Are offensive materials offensive to everybody ?
Does everyone think the same material is offensive ?
Who is to say what is or is not offensive ?
Offensive material can be anything someone wants to think of .
Children are going to see this material anyways , weither we take it away of not .
Offensive material , such as cursing or rage , is a form of expression and of releaving stress .
Such things can also show anger , hate , and depression .
Children will see and hear offensive things anyways .
Even as it is now , parents try to hid such things from their children .
this makes them curious .
They will do anything to understand it .
Offensive things are part of everyday life .
The more you hid it , the more children will seek it out .
In movies , books , and music , this is a form of expression .
it releaves stress , rage , and shows this so that @CAPS1 is a true picture of what is going on .
People can not imagion someone truly angery in a book when it says , ' ... and she says with grief and anger , 'You are wrong !
You don't know what you have done ! '
... '
You can not show foreshadowing , or show the anger .
You can not see how a character truly feels .
For example , ' ... and she says with grief and anger , 'You are wrong !
You will parish !
You don't know what you have done !
Death will come ! '
... '
@CAPS1 , you have an idea of how the author will play out the story and how the character really feels .
You can see the foreshadowing .
The author could be saying that a good man has died , who was going to stop evil , or an evil man died , and people will revenge him .
In such ways , this can show anger .
Some people would find the example offensive or out of line .
Cursing to me is not offensive .
But , they show how the character , writer , or singer feels when it was written without it having to state it .
Offensive material can also grief .
This shows that someone is hurt by what has happened , amplifying the story .
allowing the reader , watcher , or listener to expect more and want more .
So the reader , watcher or listener would wait for more , and by the music , book , or movie .
It puts intrest into the material .
Only certain people can agree on something offensive .
Such as family , friends , or a group of close people .
But , it applies foreshadowing , intrest , anger , grief , and sometimes , passion .
Your children will see it if they truly want to .
So , why get rid of something that they will see anyways ?
Something that intersts them and makes them want to read more , watch or make movies , or listen to or make music .
Why would something that , yes , is offensive to some , but would grab promote and keep some within it