have you ever think about why teenagers are changing each day ?
sometimes parents don't pay attention why is that happening , because they think their kids are wroging up or because they need more freedom or even because they need more time .
when the time pass they stop and think what happend to my kids why are they changing to much ?
but they don't know why we bahave like that .
you have ti stop that , because we are changing because of what we see on magazines , movies , and books , and also music ; sometimes music have offensive words that we learn .
but also music , books , magazines , and movies are good , but when they don't have offensive words or bad things in it .
sometimes they affect us in a good way but the majory of the time they affect us in a bad way because we learn bad things .
sometimes little kids read books whit bad and offensive words .
i remember when my friend and I were @NUM1 years old she started reading books with offensive words , and her mom got mad at her .
after that she started insulting her mom and calling her names and her mom was feeling bad , but she didn't know why her doughter was acting bad .
the next day i went to their house and i told her mom that she was reading bad books and watching movies with offensive words , and i told her mom where she was hiding all thoes books and movies .
when she got home i was there and her mom had all the books and movies on her hand and she give me a bad look and she told me that i was a bad friend because i told her mom , i started crying becuase she make me feel bad but she didn't know that i was doing it for her on good .
before i move to the @LOCATION1 she went to my home and she said ' I am sorry because i treated you like that ' , and i told her that i did it because i loved her and because she was like my sister since we were little .
we started crying ; now we still best friends .
this days , little kids now everything and it is because of what they watch and see .
you can help us by taking all of the bad words and offensive words of the books , movies , and magazines .
help us to became someone important in life .