Katherine stated that if everyone had the right to take a book off the shelf then there wouldn't be any books left .
I think what she is saying is that many people think of a book that is innappropriate , but in another persons eye the book could also be appropriate .
Censorship is a big deal no-a-days .
Nobody wants there young children to read about drugs and/or violence .
I have many opinions upon this issue .
First I will state why I think the books , or movies , or whatever should be taken off the shelf .
The books , movies , magazines , ect .
should be taken off the shelf for being to innappropriate .
The books and movies are innappropriate by having drugs , sex , violence , and many other things in them that young children shouldn't be subject to watching or reading .
I know if I was a parent I would not want my young child reading of a violent murder , or gangs .
The other thing about censorship that it is the peoples choice to read an innappropriate book , or watch an innappropriate movie .
As a kid myself that is growing up , I didn't really care for reading anyways , but the books that were the best sometimes were the ones with violence in them .
Also even thought the book @MONTH1 be innappropriate , the child still should have a say in what they are reading .
This is where my next thought comes in .
You have to think about the kids that are mature too .
The kids that are mature , and it is just a hobby to read , @MONTH1 not have any books of their style left to read if they were all 'taken of the shelf ' .
This goes for parents too .
If they have a book at their house , the child could easily pick it up and read it there .
What the book stores , libraries , and movie stores should do , is put an age limit on the books and movies .
I know that for @CAPS1 rated movies there is an age limit , but for explicit books i do not think there is an age limit .
They could also maybe even get a letter or a note with parent concent on it , so the children could get the book or magazine .
Maybe the parent should even just come in and get the book or movie for the child .
The libraries , or book stores , or movie stores could also easily put a warning on the side of the cover to show that the book @MONTH1 be innappropriate to some .
What the children read is only up to two people : the child and the parent .
If the parent doesn't care that the child is reading or watching an innappropriate movie then it should be no problem .
Therefore , I think in order to withhold the buying and selling of books , there has to be the option to obtain the innappropriate ones .
I feel that even though the material @MONTH1 be explicit , the kids , with their parent's concent , should have the option to check out or buy mostly anything .
Afterall , the book @MONTH1 be about violence , drugs , or sex , but the children are still reading which is always good