I don't believe that we should romove any books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
from our libraries due to many reasons .
This is the real world and the things you read about or watch in a movie @MONTH1 be something you don't want your kids to read about or even see .
Life is about learnig new things .
To learn about these ideas , you usually read about or see them somewhere .
The only way I would ever remove any of these items from a store is if they were going to seriously harm the people or have a negative effect on them .
If I were to walk into a public library and I saw a book about a girl cutting herself or someone killing another person , I would be the type of person to turn away from it ; even thought it is what many kids are reading about today .
Of coarse , every library has books that cover all kinds of topics .
If you were a parent that was worried about your child reading about these kinds of things , well welcome to life .
Most books have a true story behind them and I believe that everyone needs to learn about this kind of stuff sometime in their life .
Most of what we learn today comes from the books we read .
Also , everyone today listens to music .
We find music as a way to relax and have a good time wheather your riding in a car or at a party .
Many of the songs today contain foul language and have sexual meanings , but that doesn't mean that you have to listen to them .
Many older people don't want to listen to these kinds of songs but it is what many kids are listening to today .
What many people don't see though , is that these songs have true meaning behind them and it is really a way of life .
Finally , I believe that magazines , movies , and any other types of media , shouldn't be removed from libraries .
Many people turn to magazines as a way to relax and read about the latest fashions or their favorite athlete .
We watch movie to also relax and have a good laugh every once in a while .
No one should remove these sources of entertainment from our people even if some @MONTH1 think they are inappropriate .
I strongly believe that romoving any books , magazines , movies , music , or any other typed of media would have a negative effect on alot of people .
You would be removing sources of entertainment and ways of learning from people .
How would you feel if you went to your local library one day and most , if not all , materials had been removed ?
What would you do if you didn't have any of these materials available to you anymore