No I as an @CAPS1 cetazine do not feel that any materials should be removed .
There are many reason I feel this way and I hope that after people have read this they will agree with me .
THere are three main points supporting my opinion and i plan to list them below .
First and for most is the fact that this is @LOCATION1 .
@LOCATION1 is suposed to be the land of the free and the home of the brave , or at least thats what the national anthem tells me .
So to me if some one removes a book or movie from a library becasue they find it offencive they are trying to take away one of my right as an @CAPS1 cetacine .
The right they are messing with to me is the right of freedom .
I should be free to be able to walk into a library and grab any book i wish .
I should be free to go to the movie store and find and rent any movie a choose from the shelf .
If they put a movie or book away if they make it to were i can't get to it then they are messing with my freedom , and this is somthing i can't stand as an @CAPS1 .
I should be free to read or watch what ever i choose to .
Which brings me to my next point .
This point is a simple and logical one .
My second point is that people have the choice to read or watch the movie .
Just because it is there it does not meen that they have to read or watch it .
If someone doesn't like a book good for them don't read it .
If someone doesn't like a movie good for them don't watch it .
It is rather quit simple in my opinion if someone doesn't like said book or movie then just leave it alone and don't mess with it .
They shouldn't have the right to ruin it for everone else .
Just because one or two or even twenty people find a book offencive doesn't mean they have the right to remove it .
There @MONTH1 five million other people out their who love said book so why ruin for everyone just to make a few people happy .
They do have the right to say no and not read or watch the movie , but they don't have the right to say i can't .
Finaly people say that said book or movie should be removed because a child might get it and it is not apropreat for children .
Well to that I have to say it is the parents job to make sure a child is not readind or watching something they shouldn't .
If i child gets a hold of a book that is said to be bad it is the parents job to tell them to put it back .
People don't have the right to completly remove said book or movie just because a kid might get it .
So there is my opinion on this little matter .
I don't feel that libraries should be censored .
I feel we all have the right o make own decisions and that we have the right to read or watch what ever we choose .
It is not fair to get ride of a book just because a few people don't like it .
Hundreds of othes might love it , and like I said before if someone doesn't like a certain movie or book then don't read it or watch it .
Don't ruin it for everyone else though .