Many people have different views on different types of things .
There is not much that can be helped with that .
No one can never make everybody happy .
That is a major part of life .
I do not think they should remove materials from libraries just because some people find them offensive .
You can not make everyone happy , some people enjoy those materials , and everyone is entitiled to their own opinion .
The first reason they should not remove offensive materials from the library is because you will not make everybody happy by doing that .
Just because some people take offense to certain things , does not mean that everyone does .
If they do not like it , they do not have to read it or listen to it .
They have libraries so you can pick out books ( and other materials ) that you like .
You have a choice there .
There are lots of books that are at libraries around the world .
People are going to be mad whether they are there or not .
Have you ever heard the saying ' @CAPS1't judge a book by its cover ? '
@CAPS2 , well that could also be a reason people want materials removed .
They might see a 'suggestive ' cover or something , and they might take total offense to that .
Just because a cover of a book might make people take offense to it doesn't mean they should remove it .
The second reason offensive materials should not be removed is because it is enjoyable for some people .
There is a reason it is in the library , and that reason is because some people enjoy it .
If there was a book or magazine that never got checked out , do you think they would keep it ?
Nope .
I am pretty sure if it never got checked out , they would get rid of it .
Obviously someone has to read , listen , or watch it .
People get offended by things everyday .
Removing 'offensive ' materials from libraries will not be much help to the problem .
It @MONTH1 help a little , but there are still going to be people who get offended so easily .
The third reason they should keep materials is because everyone is entitled to their own opinion .
Just because some people think that there are offensive materials in the library does not mean other people do .
For some people , taking away things like that would be like making kids at school wear uniforms .
It takes away freedom .
We are living in @LOCATION1 .
@LOCATION1 is supposed to be a free country .
It is really not a free country when you have people taking away books and movies because they are offensive to people .
I got news for you .
If you @CAPS1't like it , @CAPS1't read it .
There is no harm at all by keeping materials on shelves .
No matter what , someone is always going to take offense to something .
The world is not perfect , and it is never going to be perfect .
Taking materials off the shelves because it is offensive to some people isn't going to make the world a better place .
People are going to be mad or angry no matter what happens