Censorship is when a group of people agree that a certain book , song , movie , or magazine is found offensive in any way .
Mainly parents and educators find these materials such as books offensive and do what they can to get this book taken out of libraries at schools .
Censorship was originally started during the ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' in @LOCATION3 with the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 .
It was used to hide information from the public by taking all records of it away from the public's use .
In @LOCATION2 , we are a democracy , but we still choose censorship to hide certain information from certain people .
In some parents ' opinions books are great and educational for children , but in other parents ' opinions books do things like promote homosexuality , use false language , or even show drug use .
Most of these books are not trying too promote these things but they are just part of the story .
So pretend like we hide all the bad events or situations in the world from occuring infront of our children .
They have no knowledge of this part of life , so what happens when they get in the real world and grow up ?
We can't just hide drugs from them , we can read these and teach them the harm drugs can do to someone and how to avoid them .
If we send our children out into this world without any knowledge of drugs things will get out of control .
Majority of these books that contain 'harmful ' things to children , but they teach lessons that parents don't think of , they just think of what written down on the paper instead of the moral overall lesson that the story is bringing to a child .
If a story has false language , our child will ask us what these words mean and we will tell them not to use them and what they mean so the child knows not to repeat them .
If not , they can go into school and another child will tell your child to say these words and your child ( not knowing the meaning of the word ) will go out and say it and be awarded with a detention or even a suspension .
Personally , I don't want my child receiving a detention or suspension .
Censorship is a growing issue in the @LOCATION1 .
It can do good things like hide actual sexual interactions from children , which should be hid from children anyways .
Censorship can also do the bad things like I discussed earlier , which do more harm on a child then good .
When your asked on your opinion on sensorship , just always remember what's best for your child , and knowledge is always better then clueless