Going to the library is one of the best ways to explore new things .
Some items are not appropriate for everyone though .
Certain books , movies , magazines , and music should not be accessed by everyone .
Having an adult only section would be a way to solve this problem .
Removing certain materials from the library would not be in good interest .
Any popular material should be available at the library .
Many best selling books would be wrong for children to read , but they would be perfectly fine for adults .
That doesn't mean these books need to be taken out of the library .
Children should be restricted from viewing the explicit materials though .
Having a section in the library from which only adults can rent the items , would remove this problem .
People under @NUM1 should also be restrained from looking through these materials .
Having a childrens ' section in the libray would also keep them away from adult materials .
The library needs to make itself user friendly .
People who frequent the library often pick up a book , not knowing what it holds .
When inappropriate material is inside a child might innocently read into or see something they are not supposed to .
Parents should not have to worry about their kids seeing inappropriate pictures or text .
They should feel safe letting their children look through all the books at the library .
Library workers should also make sure the adult materials stay in the hands of adults .
Allowing children and their parents to feel safe and welcome is an important part of the library .
Taking adult materials out of the libray is not a good idea .
It would lower its popularity .
Everyone has different interests , and they want to research them at the library .
The safety of children is also important .
Making sure children can not reach these materials is a concern .
Having separate adult and children sections could solve this problem .
Not allowing anyone under @NUM1 to check out explicit materials would also help .
Keeping the libray full of information but still safe for children is the ideal situation