Whever you go these days you see viloence in evry store around the world .
Children growing up in the world is our future and they see that negative output .
Alot of the kids and young adults thrive off of the offensive materials the world puts out there .
I think that the offensive thing's should be taken off the shelves .
And sold in stores for adults that are twenty one and older .
If people sell offensive things in stores were it allows young teenagers to buy those products , then we are just puting ourselfs at harm .
I was just in a book store the other day and i seen magazines that were not apporiate .
I thought to myself how could they sell these types of magazines .
Music , movies , and magazines shouldn't even be sold in a book store , that's why its called a book store .
It's not called a movie , music , or magazine store they call it a book store for a reason .
If students read books or listen to music that is offensive they are going to grow up thinking it's ok. Too be that way or treat somebody different because of who they are or what they represent .
I 'm not saying take all the books out of the store just take the offensive one's and have a twenty one or older sign .
So the kids dont end up getting a hold of the book and learning something they shouldn't .
When i was young i went to the book store all the time with my mom .
I would just pick up any book there was and start trying to read .
Alot of the time my mom would take the book from me .
Because it was offensive , i didn't know that at the time i was just a little kid .
In today's society kids are growing up quicker than they really have to and thats not a good thing .
Kids should be able to be kids and read kid's books .
I guess it does'nt really matter for middle school and high school kids .
Because those kids really dont like to read at all .
The kids that we have to look out for is the one's in elementary .
Because those kid's actually want to learn how to read .
And if we put a book about drugs on the shelve those kids will read it .
And those kids will learn about it and be curious to what that drug has a effect on you .
In the end it does'nt really matter what i say because people are going to keep making books .
Anytime type of book it is all based on how much money they can make .
It does'nt matter if it is negative or a possitive book .
the company wants to make money and so does the author .