There is many different topics that could be offensive , @CAPS5 just depends on the person's own personal judgement .
In my opinion I do not believe that materials should be removed because not everyone has the same view or opinons .
If someone comes from a different country or evern a different religion , topics like abortion and racism are going to be viewed very differently .
I think having a variety of topics will help expand different thoughts and make the readers of the material see things in a different way .
When I am older and if one of my elementary children was to bring home a book over abortion , I would be concerned .
Honestly though , I do not believe schools would let inapropriate topics for younger childeren read books like that .
@CAPS5 is a little bit different with a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 student though .
Their maturity level is going to be mature enough to handle the material and I do not think @CAPS5 is right for schools to remove something that could actually help someone .
In the book , ' A @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 ' , there is a lot of detailed events that happen .
Some might say @CAPS5 is too graphic for children but the reality of @CAPS5 is , events like those happen in today's society .
@CAPS5 really opened up my eyes and I am extremely happy I read @CAPS5 .
The realization actually made me want to help those children who grow up in homes like the one described in the book .
I believe @CAPS5 had the same effect on other people too and some children might even grow up to help others in that horrible situation .
Libraries should be able to have a variety of different books .
I am not saying however that they should have books on murder and saying @CAPS5 is alright but books that will help expand the children's minds .
@CAPS5 could even change their lives .
Some books are a sensitvie topic but who has the right to tell someone something they should believe ?
@CAPS5 would mean more to someone if they found their own way and beliefs then having people tell them what they should and should not do or believe in .
I have also read a book recently titled , ' @CAPS6 ' , @CAPS5 is about the government granting the ability to @CAPS6 your children and then the body parts will go to those in need .
@CAPS5 is sort of cruel in one way but the topic the author is trying to get across is not .
A quote from the book is , 'On one side you have people killing abortion doctors for the right of life and on the other you have people getting pregnant just to sell their fetal tissue ' .
@CAPS5 states that everywhere you go people are going to disagree and agree on things but not everyone will believe in the same thing .
@CAPS5 shows that just because one person thinks one way is right does not mean another will .
The book changed my perspective on many different topics and helped me open my eyes on different views .
Racism , abortion , @CAPS3 abuse , unwinding your children , what ever the case @MONTH1 be , some people will support @CAPS5 and some will not .
I think @CAPS5 is time for children around the world to discover for themselves what they truely believe in and taking 'offensive ' material from @CAPS2 libraries is not going to help any .
My opinion on this topic is strongly advising to leave the material alone because for there to be a book about @CAPS5 , the author had to have had a reason to write @CAPS5 and honestly , what is better for the future then a generation of children grounded to their own true beliefs