Since the beginning there has always been someone who is offended by certain media .
Books , movies , and music have been the main focus of the subject of this controversy .
There have been arguments over it so severe that it has went to court !
The people that have been upset over media have caused there to be certain censorships over these materials .
I believe that there should not be censorship in media .
I think that there are are books , movies , and other media materials that can be found offensive to someone or a group of people .
This is why they should have labels or at least a description on the back of these products that explain what could cause someone to become upset by it .
If something is considered too vulgar for the public eye then they should have it somewhere more discret , but not be taken off the shelves .
I disagree that media materials should be taken of shelves for being offensive .
Media is all about someones free expression and trying to share it with the world .
There are around @NUM1 billion people in the world and at least one of them is bound to enjoy the same type of media you do .
A great example of a media material that is challenged every day in every part of the world is a book called the bible .
The bible is considered to be one of the oldest books in the world and is still in print .
People of different religions can sometimes find the print of bibles over there religious books offensive and there is always great controversy about it .
All these movies and books though are great because they are different and free !
The world needs people who challenge ideas and religions .
Every single person in the world is unique and I think it is great for everyone to put their opinions out for others to find so they can have a new view on the subject or at least contemplate it .
Society has already put parental advisory warnings on cds , put ratings on movies , and labeled books as challenged .
All this does is restrict the public from finding new ideas to compare to and form opinions .
I believe in freedom of thinking because it is the most valuable resource that we have , it is what sets us apart from each other .
Let media be free so men , women , and children from all over the globe can be unique and wonderful !
Censorship will be challenged in years to come and I will help challenge it for all to be free and happy