Books , music , movies , and magazines that are in libraries should be approprete material .
But in some cases it's fine to have some offensive litature because people can learn from it .
But there needs to be an age limit to checking out these itims out .
So I do beleave we should keep offensive litature on the shelve .
There needs to be a certian exstent to what we leave on the shelves .
Books , books , and more books , there are so many books and many other kinds of litature in libraries today .
Libraries are a place of silance , and to some people thats boreing .
So like me when I go into a librarie I go to the books , or maginzes that seem very intresting to me .
Altho they @MONTH1 seem intreseting to me , others @MONTH1 find them offensive .
Like it might be a comic book that my say something that someone my take offense to .
Libraries can't please everyone that walks throught the doors .
Just because someone dose not like the offensive stuff thats in there dosen't mean they have to take it out .
Because there might be someone like me that likes thoes kind of books , or magazines .
There are offensive stuff all over the world so you can't avoid it every where you go .
I beleave there is a good out come for keeping offensive litature material on the shelves .
I think that keeping offensive material in libraries @MONTH1 have a good cause to it for one very good reason , learning .
Like I said before it @MONTH1 be offensive to some people but to some it's not .
So some people might like to learn about offensive things .
@MONTH1 be they never knew thoes things that are in thoes books .
They @MONTH1 also never know whats in thoes books unless they keep them on the shelves .
They need to have a section where offensive books , magazines , music and movies go .
If some things it's offensive put it on the shelve , and they must be @NUM1 years old to check it out if it's on that shelve .
Yeah there @MONTH1 be a down fall to keeping offensive things in libraries .
But you can't hide from it all your life .So insted of going out into the world and learning about it the hard way go to the librarie .
You could pick a book up learn about it and how to deal with it .
It's just part of live there is offensive material every where .
You can't be shelterd your whole live .
So in my greatest opinon I do beleave that we should keep these offensive material in libraries , it could be a learing exsperiance