I do not believe that materiales in libraries should be censored .
If parents don't want their children reading or listening to inappropriate things , they should pay more attention to what they are doing .
If parents monitor their children closer they will be able to control what they are doing .
There are alot of bad things for children to read , look at , and listen too out there .
Parents need to do a better job teaching their children about what they can and should look at , read , or listen too .
It isn't often when you go to the library that you find something inappropriate unless you are looking for something inappropriate .
It is very easy to tell what is good and what is bad .
Most of the time in a library the more profound books and magazines are seperated from the childrens books .
This , to me , is the way it should be in all libraries .
In all of the times i have been to a library i have never accedentally come across something inappropriate .
A library is a place for people of all ages it should not be limited to just one age group .
If libraries were censored more people would be upset .
It would be the same way if a store stopped selling your favorite product because one person did not like it .
Alot of adults probably would not go if the library were censored .
The library would then become a place for mostly children .
Most small children do not even go to the library so they would become virtually useless .
In all of my years I have never once heard of someone being deeply offended by something at a library .
Weather it be in a magazine , on the news , or by word of mouf , I have never seen a complaint .
Most parents do a good job of monitering what the children look at or read .
Those parents should not be deprived of their privelages to look at more adult rated things if they choose .
Just because one parent was to irresponsible to moniter their child does not mean that all of the parents should be punished .
The library is a place for people of all ages .
Therefor the library should keep material for people of all ages and not just for children .
The bottomline is that if people do not want their kids looking at inappropriate things they should keep a better watch over them .
They should also teach them the difference in what is acceptable and what is not acceptable .