Censoring books in libraries because a certain group of people doesn't like them , and finds them offensive is simply not fair .
A good library is diverse and has something that everyone of different backgrounds can enjoy .
A compromise wouldn't be as difficult as some people might actually think .
Simply regulating books , and other products , by creating age limits based on the books content and maturity level would be an excellent alternative to actually censoring the books themselves .
Take an author like @PERSON1 for example .
His books contain subject matter and offensive crude language that would obviously not be deemed acceptable for most younger people .
That being said censoring the books language wouldn't help in the slightest .
If a younger person has the mental capability to read a book like @PERSON1 then they would have no problem making inferences on what matierial was said , and the ideas in the writing are going to be realized .
The other fact is that taking out mature level books completley from the libraries is not a possible solution either .
If you take out the diversity in your product your going to lose the diversity in your customer's as well .
For instance think about a movie store .
If the only movies sold were @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 there would be a lot less people wanting to go to that store , because then it just turns into a child's store .
Even censoring the movies would not be effective because your taking away the art of having an unfiltered movie .
So my simple solution is obvious .
Movies have ratings based on maturity content , so why shouldn't books .
Books that deal with more controversal content shouldn't be placed in the shelves next to young readers ' books , and they should have a label indicating that the specific book @MONTH1 contain material not suitable for a person under a specific age .
People trying to censor entertainment and look into the best interest of their loved ones is perfectly fine , but you cant blindfold them forever .
Were all on the same planet and we all reach the age of realization of reality .