I believe that if you let people take stuff off of the shelves that they didn't like then there would be nothing left .
I thank this because there are a lot of parents that don't want their little kids to be seeing it or hearing it .
That is because they could get infulenced to do the wrong thang and get themselves in truble for it .
Then you have some parents that don't care what their kids are doing as long as they are leving them alone .
Then you have some other that are very over procted .
Yes , I think that there are something that should be taken off shelves because they are very interpreit .
They are because they are talking a drugs and alchole and trying to get young kids to try it and get addicated to it .
That why they can get more money from it and those kids end up geting heard or died from it .
All some of thies bussinesses are trying to do is get money from the young because they make to bottles or cantaners look cool .
Most of the time you will have kids go for it but there are some kids that don't because they don't want to get in truble or heart themsleves .
There are some songs that should not be alowed to be played because of some of the stuff that they say .
There are some people and some parents that listen to it and with there kids in the car then their kid will go to school and be sing it and get in truble for it .
I think that their are a lot of thang that should be different but they are not because the bussinesses are just happy that they are geting money .
They don't care how is buying it as long as they get there money for it and that is not the wright way to look at it you should care about the lives of people and their familys .
Then you have some magazines that have some uniperate pitchers in them .
They do because they are trying to get guys to buy them just for that one pitcher that is in it .
They want it because its a very pritty girl with just a bathing suite on or maybe nothing on .
That is why they put it in there so they can get their money off of it .
Most of the girls that are in them are modles and they are very pritty , but sometime there will be a little boy that takes his dad and then he takes it to school and get in truble for it .
Then his partens are enbeist because they didn't know that he had .
That is why I thank that some stuff should be not on the shelves in stores .
You will have partens that get it tten leave it laying out and their kids will get in then might take it to school .
You should never leave anything that you don't want your kids to have laying out for them to get .
That is why I believe that and what I thank about it