A curious child goes into the library for the first time to find a story to read .
Yet , when she goes to the children's section , the book she wants is not allowed in this library becuase it is said to promote certain ideals to children .
The child goes to her older sister for help to find a different book .
The older sister is to busy looking for her own book .
She had walked into the library looking to find answers to her questions over a liberal topic .
She can't find the book she wants , the library has censored it .
Why would we censor librairies if we have the freedom of the press and the freedom of speech ?
It is not right to censor libraries becuase that is restricitng what is allowed to be read , which is taking away part of our freedom .
The press is allowed to print anything , and we the people read it .
Will that be the next thing that is censored ?
A book is just like the newspaper , it is relaying a story to entertain the auidence that is reading it .
By censoring libraires that is taking away the freedom of speech .
Writing is a way to express yourself .
Authors share there expressions through writing , hoping they can touch someone else's life and be of some assistance .
Whether the book helps its reader to escape a horrendus day or to answer the questions of a curious teenager .
I use books daily to escape the stresses of life , the ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' series gave me something to do and allowed me to use my imagination and mind , I could escape into another world and leave my chores behind me .
Some @MONTH1 say that offensive things should be censored .
In our culture the slightest thing can called 'offensive ' now .
If we never learn about these 'offensive ' things how would we understand history ?
There will always be rude things that have been said , but we should be exposed to them so we can learn from it .
By censoring these items we will never learn and neither will our children about other cultures , history , or liberal ideas .
Instead of censoring items , there is another solution .
Make certain items restricted and red flagged .
If certain items become restricted ; it would mean that people over a certain age are allowed to read them .
By doing this a child's mind would not be polluted , but we could still be exposed to different ideas and learn from them .
If there was a system to red flag an item , this would allow the reader to know that this item contains what could be considered offensive material so they do not have to expose their selves to it if they did not want to , but others could .
This would work becuase the books could stay in the library and still be used but there would be a warning system for those who do not want to be around it or allow their children to be around it .
In conclusion censoring libraries is a bad idea .
It takes away our freedom of the press and speech.We are also making ourselves ignorant this way .
If we put out a warning system it is fair to everyone .
The 'offensive ' matterial can stay in the libaries but people will know ahead of time what they are being exposed to and what their children are to