Do I believe that certain materials , such as books , music , movies , and magazines should be removed from shelves if they are found offensive ?
No .
I strongly disagree .
D @CAPS1 you know that there is more than @CAPS5 radio station ?
Well , @CAPS3 you do .
Not just @CAPS5 person should be able to talk for everyone .
I enjoy every genre of music and books .
@CAPS4's pretty much my life .
All I know is that when I get offended by a song , I change @CAPS4 .
When I 'm reading a book I don't like , I put @CAPS4 down .
@CAPS4's not your job to make my decisions .
I live my own life and personally think you should live yours as well .
Books , movies , plays , games , magazines , all things of that sort are for our entertainment .
If they began taking them off shelves because of vulgar things and things that offend people , then why do we have freedom of speech ?
Those people that are offended need to put whatever @CAPS4 is down and move on .
Just because a handful of people are offended by the everyday things that people use to stay amused , doesn't mean they need to be taken away .
Authors and directors spend months , even years making movies and writing books just to entertain us and feel accomplished .
If they started taking them off our shelves and off the big screens , people would lose jobs .
For example look at the @PERSON2 @ORGANIZATION1 .
That can easily offend a person , but those are brilliant pieces of work .
I am personally the kind of person that reads books that are suspenseful , books that keep me on the edge of my seat .
People enjoy books that they can relate to , and some people can relate to those books that are 'offensive . '
I , myself , have read a book that cinsisted of drugs and viloence that I related to and @CAPS4 helped me out , @CAPS4 made me realize its not always the right thing to do .
I think people need to realize that all those books , movies , magazines , and all the aboe that 'offend ' them , are reality .
No matter where you go , what you do , what you throw out , or what you keep in the house , your kids , parenst , friends , everyone will see @CAPS4 sometime in theirlives .
Viloence and drugs are seen everyday .
Many more things that offend people are always going to be there .
If all of those things are offensive to some people , then they need a reality check .
Books like that can influence kids to wan na go the rightdirection .
They read a book or see a movie with a drug addict in prison and theyll think , ' @CAPS2 , I 'm never going there . '
@CAPS3 , I can't say that goes for all kids in this world , but you get the jist of what I 'm trying to say .
If @CAPS4's the parents that are worried about their kids getting into that kind of stuff , be my guest to remove @CAPS4 from your household , but not from everyone , not from the people who enjoy @CAPS4 .
I 'm a strong believer that people know right from wrong , so why not just grow up a little bit and do what's right ?
Those books , movies , and magazines that are offensive , are enjoyable to me .
This makes me think of drama .
People say they hate @CAPS4 , but no matter what , @CAPS4's everywhere , and @CAPS4 will always be everywhere .
If you can't get through life being offended every @CAPS3 and then , then how do you think you 'll survuve .
What do you think is in store for the next years to come ?
You must learn to deal with @CAPS4 .
Taking away all of these things , I think , is a mistake .
If people are against @CAPS4 , they need to worry about themselves and just leave @CAPS4 alone .
They can make their own decisions , they don't have to pick up and @PERSON1 book when there is a @ORGANIZATION1 in their reach .
That is what literature is about , writing .
Do you honeslty think the author was worried about offending anyone ?
No , because the author or director whom wrote the book or made the movie , they knew what is was about and they know that not all of the world will see @CAPS4 .
Not all of the world will care to see @CAPS4 .
They know that people are smart enough to read the summary before they get'offended . '
@CAPS4 irritates me when people think they need to live for everyone .
@CAPS4's like the saying , ' @CAPS5 man's trash is another man's treasure . '
You might not like @CAPS4 , you might even hate @CAPS4 .
But once @CAPS4's out of your hands , the next person might come back and drastically fall in love with @CAPS4 .
I think that just because someone picks up a book and @CAPS4 offends them , @CAPS4 doesn't mean they needed to whiped off the shelves .
Grow up , put whatever @CAPS4 is that offends you down , and walk away .