In this world you never know what someone might writing .
There 're many materials in this world that I think aren't appropiate for someone to be reading , watching or listenning , ect .
You @MONTH1 be thinking that anyone makes his/her own decision of what they read , watch , listen .
Well , I do agree with that , but I do believe that some materials aren't rate it properly to age .
I do think that some materials should be banned from people under age , some from kids , and some from everyone .
You @MONTH1 be thinking that all of this is wrong and that there is nothing wrong with books , music , movies , ect.
, but in my opinion some materials are just offensive and not proper .
I seen so many materials that I think are not proper for people under age to been looking at .
In some movies , for example , the rating is just not right because some movies have so much violence or language .
You might not think it's that big of a deal , of course , but I do .
In my opinion , some materials are not too low in rating , and should not be for people under age .
It's not surprising to me that kids are now yelling , hitting , and or acting like a rebels to their parents .
Many of this things kids get it from books , music , movies , ect .
This is many of the reasons some materials should be banned from kids .
You ask yourself why ?
Well , first of all , kids are just learnning and they do everything they watch , see , or listen .
I mean now kids don't even think about what their about to do .
They just do , they don't care , they think it's okay .
I think that parents should be alert to offensive materials in the shelves , and should say something about it so they banned them .
Why banned some materials from everyone ?
Well , first of all , why do we even want to watch , see , or listen to things that are not right ?
You @MONTH1 be thinking that we just do it for fun and that it's enjoyable and nothing wrong with it .
Well , you @MONTH1 be right but also wrong .
I certainly do agree with you , we all watched things for fun and to enjoy them , but some things are just too out of this world for us .
Why do people do crazy things now in these day ?
In my opinion , I think is because they mostly get it from books , music , movies , ect .
I think that if a book shows very offensive things they should be banned from everyone no matter what .
It's the right thing to do .
If you don't want to see this world get more out of control than it already is .
Well , we need to do something about all these materials that are offensive and banned them for good .
We certainly don't want to see our kids yelling , hitting , or and actting like rebels to us .
We don't want some crazy person coming to our hosue and do crazy things to us just because that's what they learn from those materials they had on the shelves .
It's come to me that some materials should be banned from people under age , from kids , and some from everyone