A place fill of knowleged should be a place where you can find all the news that is making the world what it is today , a person should be able to find out things from the past also .
A library has many different things found in it : books , magazines , movies , and some have music .
The books range from encyclopedia's to @PERSON1 , the varity of books and information is to the extreme .
But then again with all the good things there always comes a bad side of the information .
With all the profanity found in today's society you would not want a child seeing or hearing any of it while at a public library .
Books are put into a library so that people have the chance to read them and become more knowledgable .
The thought of a younger person going into the older , adult area is very upsetting but then again who's to say that that individual is not allowed to read an article or magazine that has more mature type's of information or language found in them .
I feel that a person will see what they want to see and what they want to read , fact of the matter is they have the right to .
Both , young and older people need to be educated in the worlds past history and the present news .
One reason being to prevent things that happend in the past , happening again .
Another reason is just so that they know what is going on around them and so that the individual is informed .
Libraries should have banners or flaps up saying what is in a certain section of that specific area and people can make the decision to go over to those area's or not .
Things that are found 'not right ' in one's eyes @MONTH1 not seem so bad to anothers , it's all in personal preference .
Things should still be out for the public to read or see .
Making the choice to go into a library is an individuals decision .
Fact is that the library is a place where a person should be able to get knowledge , no matter what type of information .
A person should be able to get their information without the censorship of others .