Do i think that certain materials such as books , movies , magazines , ect.
, should be removed from the shelves .
?
No i do not think that some of these materials should be removed .
Why ?
because nowadays kids read things such as gang violevce and things that dont involve school material but some kids find the books that they read interesting .
Now , do i thing that the books should be not given to students who are very young of age ?
Yes , due to the fact that some books are a little above others age of reading .
Sometimes you @MONTH1 have kids who are intrested in what others dont read .
Books such as gang violence and drug abuse are some of those books in categories of which some cant read .
I think that in this case kids under certain age shouldnt read these books because of some of the content that is involved in it .
Kids find these books , movies and magazines interesting because many things that happen in the world today happen inside those books .
Im not saying that its a good thing , but im saying that the things they read and see in those books and movies are things that some of us have seen in a everyday life .
When I was younger , I went to a library in @LOCATION1 , @CAPS1 and whenever a kid would choose a big that wasn't for hiim/her they would always say 'you need your parents permission to check this book or magazine ect .
out ' .
Once I actually noticed and got the point of why they would do this I thought that it was a good idea .
I figure that all libraries should be like this considering that kids shouldnt read books that arent for them .
This is also a good way to get kids from reading things that not age appropriate to finding something that is .
So the main answer to this suggestion is , no , I dont think that these materials should be moved from shelves out of libraries .
Why ?
because once they are gone then some kids might not even attend the library anymore because of the books that they find interesting are gone .
So my suggestion is to not move them and let them stay on shelves just as any other book would