Do you believe that certain books , movies , or magazines should be taken off the shelf in a library due to censorship ?
There are many times when you hear a parent tell their child not to look at that magazine because they don't want them to see the vulgar things on the inside .
I 've heard parents tell their children not to ever watch that movie because it 'll show things that they don't need to be seeing .
Almost every day we 're put in situations like these , not knowing whether we should pick up the magazine or just leave it on the shelf .
In my opinion , I believe that libraries should remove anything vulgar from the shelves .
Kids are encouraged to go to the library as much as possible , but not if there is vulgar things on the shelves .
Kids are told many times a week by their parents , teachers , and other adults to go the library .
They can work on their homework , read a book , or do some studying for school .
When they get distracted from finding the book they want with a book that has vulgar things in it , they 're going to be curious .
The main reason I disagree with having vulgar things on the shelves is because of young children .
The last thing they need to be looking at is something that isn't appropriate for their age .
It's hard for a child to turn down a movie or magazine they 've never seen or looked at before .
In most libraries the adult section is seperated from the childrens section .
This doesn't mean that a child can't over hear something that the adults are listening to or watching .
The childrens section is made for fairytale stories and kid movies , but when the adult section has things going on over there that aren't the most appropriate then kids can over hear .
If children and adults are going to be in the same library then I think they should make it completely impossible for children to veer over there and see what's new on that side of the library .
Another reason I think libraries should censor themselves more is because of teenages in the community .
After school hours , a lot of teenagers in our community enjoy going to the library .
If this is such a good environment for teenagers to be then why are they able to download bad music off of the internet ?
Some teenagers listen to bad music with cursing , vulgar language , and much more .
Libraries should make it impossible for teenagers to do this .
If they want to download bad music then they need to do it somewhere else where youngers can't get ahold of any of it .
My last argument for this is a heads up for the parents .
Parents should check out what stuff their kids are looking at when they go to the library .
You might not think your child would look at something with vulgar things , but sometimes , they 're curious .
All children are and it's human nature to be curious .
I , myself , would go with my child a few times just to see what's in the library and tell them not to take things off the shelves that look bad .
Some libraries can't completely fix everything .
They can't take every bad or vulgar thing off of the shelves .
In the quote it says , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
'
, I can think of books and magazines that I would never want any child to look at , especially at a young age .
Libraries need to be more interested in taking vulgar things off the shelves so that younger children can not get ahold of .
It's one thing for a child to see a book or magazine that isn't necessarily appropriate , but in a library it's a completely different story