Censorship , or the ability to control what is seen or heard , is a term that is taken very differently from one person to the next .
Music , if it is found offensive or inappropriate , can be consored or even banned from listening .
Some magazines that are found at grocery stores , libraries , and sometimes even airports , have @ORGANIZATION1 covers on the front to visually censor the front page of the magazine .
Movies are given ratings based on their level of explicit material , and when shown on basic cable , they sometimes can have either silenced words , or more appropriate words brought in to fit the dialougue in the movie .
Books , although very rarely , have been banned from libraries and censored from the entire world .
Some books have been previously censored , but became uncensored and brought back to libraries .
In my opinion , censorship should not be based on a single person's view of the material , but rather on the viewpoint of the public .
Growing up , my parents would watch carefully about what shows I watched , what music I listened to , or the types of magazines that i looked at .
When I was growing up , I loved to watch professional wrestling .
I loved to watch big scary guys as tall as seven feet hitting each other with steel chairs , crashing each other into tables , or throwing each other off of twenty-foot steel cages .
My brother and I used to have a favorite wrestler that we would for every week , @PERSON1 @CAPS1 could freighten any other wrestler who stood in his way .
My brother and I loved to watch @PERSON1 @CAPS1 compete every week for a chance at a world chamionship belt .
As time passed , professional wrestling began to welcome in beautiful women into their business .
These women would come out onto the ring with tight , shiny , lingerie on as they became eye-candy for the men who watched professional wrestling .
One day , I 'm watching two girls fighting in a match when my mom walks in .
She takes one look at the half-naked girls fighting each other and turns off the @CAPS3 and declares that professional wrestling is too adult for me .
Even though I was twelve at the time , I didn't want to get in an argument with my mom about how much I should be allowed to see .
Censorship can be based on the ideas and viewpoints of the parents and guardians .
I was in grade school when I fell in love with the show , ' @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6 . '
@CAPS7 is a show about four boys who go on unintentional adventures to save their @CAPS4 @CAPS5 .
These four boys , who are all around eleven years old , use curse words that some adults would be afraid to use in every day life .
Their behavior is very controversial and the show itself has been forced to ban a few of their episodes for safety reasons .
One problem with @CAPS7 show was that my dad loved @CAPS7 show as well , and tried to get my mom to like the show .
When my mom saw the show , she immediately banned me from watching it because of its explicit content .
Now that I am older , I am able to make my own decisions about what I watch , but as a kid , my parents decided what was appropriate for me .
I grew up listening to several different types of music .
My brother listened to rap , alternative , and even songs that were in musicals because he was in show choir .
My dad introduced me to classic rock , and my mom loved soft rock .
Although I didn't necessarily like the music that my mom liked , I learned to love my dad's music and my brother's music .
I loved to listen to music from artists like @ORGANIZATION4 , @ORGANIZATION1 , @LOCATION1 , @ORGANIZATION3 , @CAPS8 , @CAPS9 , and so on .
My musical tastes branched out into a variety of different genres .
One day , I 'm walking in the hallway when I hear some music coming from the living room .
I go to see what is playing because it sounds unfamiliar .
My dad and my brother told me to go into another room and not listen to the music .
The song was by a band named @ORGANIZATION2 .
Even though it might seem unfair , censorship , given by the parents and guardians , is very necessary .
Although some people might find a certain piece of material offensive , it doesn't mean that the entire world should be banned from the material itself .
If that person wants to keep away from the material and keep their kids from seeing or listening to that material , they are able to do that .
Censorship , given by the parents or guardians , is the best way to view censorship .
Nothing should be banned from a library , music store , or any other place that sells these materials .
Censorship is important , but the entire banning of a certain piece of material is unjust .