What would you do if a woman walked into a library and started throwing a tantraum about how inappropriate a book was , and she wanted it removed from the shelves ?
Would you just stare and wonder if she was crazy ?
Would you think that this is a public place , and everyone has their own opinions ?
I believe that even if someone thinks a material in a library is inappropriate , the material should not be taken off shelves .
Many people actually believe materials in a library are too offensive or inappropriate .
Unsurprisingly , libraries can't exactly do much about that except remove them from the shelves if absolutely nessessary .
However , when you think about it , if everyone complained about a certain book being offensive , there would eventually be no more books !
For example , I would not want my little brother reading @PERSON1 books because some chapters @MONTH1 contain a sex scene .
However , my brother will eventually be older , and he 'll be able to understand .
If I would have gotten rid of that book , I wouldn't be letting other people enjoy it .
If you were to get books removed that were about @CAPS1 because you were @CAPS2 , many @CAPS3 wouldn't be happy to say the least .
This could be about any subject matter , however .
The more books that are removed from the library , the less people will know about the subject .
Eventually , as I 've said before , there will be no more books left !
Everyone has their own opinion of what is appropriate or not , and everyone's views are different .
The solution to this problem is simply to not remove the books .
Sure , you might get complaints .
But odds are , more people are unoffended rather than offended .
Americans do have the right to fight for this , but with the majority being unoffended , it's a tough case to win .
I believe all books would be fine left on shelves .
If you take off one book , you might as well take off the rest .
Next time you are picking out a book , and you find it offensive , think about how other people might want to read it .
They might even need the information for a paper they 're writing for a class .
You never know who might need the information .
Don't be selfish ; keep the books on the library shelf .