Tuff @CAPS1 for a little @CAPS2 Censorship is a problem we are faced with today .
I believe there are certain instances where censorship is necessary , but I also feel it must be kept in check .
Thats why i have a great deal of reespect for organizations and industries that try and stop or put of censorship media untill your more mature and responsible enough to handle it .
The most common categories where censorship is not all right in my world are , books and music .
A lot of book are very well writen and fabulous to read , but in history or racial , and more cultural books they use words/terms that are offensive to me and a lot of other people to .
Also , the main cause in thius is music .
In today's society , nearly every person has an ipod and downloaded onto that ipod is music .
Im not saying all music is terribly bad , but in most cases i hear about every word in the book and race topics .
Rappers are setting bad examples for young adolecents like myself , who pose with guns and have marijuna and crack .
Why do they do this ?
Just to mkae themselves more popular .
That is hurting our education and making us think we shyould be criminals .
I in my opinion enjoy magazines and tru informative facts from professional reporters .
Tghe reporters are on the citizens side and trying to get the true facts out there for us the people .
Maqgazines also , tell about annual celbrations and good things happening in the world .
Whyere you can find out the scores of sports game and what the weather is going to be like .
Last year , i remeber reading 'To @CAPS3 a @CAPS4 ' .
It was so contraversial and talked about blackl slaves and whites treatinbg them like dirt .
Also , about black never win a trial and there treated unfairly .
I felt embaressed and i was the only african american in the class .
It was akward .
I felt like if we had a discussion people would talk badly about iot then remember i was in the room then theyd stop .
What is the world going to do ?
Censorship covers an entire multi media spectrum of what is bad and good censorship .
It is up to the right people to stand up for what is right and wrong for your children and young adolecents in the world .
To help fight this cause !
Bring down all that is bad !
We can do it , we will fight !
Like @PERSON1 says , 'dont hope for a better change or wish for a new world . '
If you want change you need to make it happen and stand up for whats right and make a differnce in the world