Often we go to the library searching for a good book or magazine to read without actually knowing what books are available .
In order to find a book that interests you , you have to explore by picking up the book and looking at the cover and reading its background .
Sometimes we come across a book or magazine that is innapropriete for children , and wonder why that book is still on the shelf for anyone to pick up .
I believe materials that are offensive to some people should be permitted from the public library .
To begin , the books selected to advertise on the shelves of a library are not restricted for a certain age level .
Libraries are broken up into different sections on where to find a genre , but a young child @MONTH1 not be aware .
I believe they 're certain materials found in a library that should not be put out for the public .
Perhaps you have a five year old child pick up a book about sex and drugs , this could lead the child to learn things they shouldn't know until they are older .
To continue , offensive books should not be put into libraries because they give that library a bad reputation .
If someone were to come from out of town and the first thing they seen on the shelves of a library was a book with a naked body or drugs , they would immediately be taken back .
Offensive types of books can include books you wouldn't want a first grader to see and also books about racial or religion .
Certain people would take offense to a book that was against what they believed in .
This could result in a huge confrontation .
Lastly , offensive books can include books about someone's opinion on a certain topic .
If someone against the writer's opinion started to read the book , they would automatically be offended by what the writer was saying .
There is never an agreement when two people have a different look on something .
To conclude , although some books are offensive to some people and not to others , we have to be aware of what @MONTH1 cause problems to certain people .
I believe any book open about opinion , and books that would be ' x-rated ' should not be kept in a public library .
We could easily solve this problem by making a seperate place to hold these books so people will not take offense to it .