Censorship in libraries ?
A yes or a No ?
I believe that there should not be censorship in libraries .
There are not many things 'offensive ' or 'harmful ' in most libraries in @LOCATION1 .
I dont see who would come up with such an abserd idea .
To me there are just way to many ways for people to get offended .
@MONTH1 I remind you that we almost changed our plege to the flag of our country by getting rid of the word 'god ' all because some people dont believe in god .
Now we are suppose to get rid of good books just because they are child friendly ?
!
Think about all the amazing books , movies and magazines that would have to be removed from our libraries just because one person says , ' I find this book offensive ' or says , ' I dont think this book is apporaite for my child . '
@CAPS1 about the people that do like that book and now wont be able to read it anymore all beacuse of that one person ?
There are sections in libraries for a reason !
Just put the naughty books in the eight-teen year or older section so younger kids dont see them .
The people who want to get rid of so called dangerous books to childern make libraries sound like there porngrapic shops .
Most libraries are not filled with horrible bad books that will cause there child to be mentaly scared forever .
Hell there are really that mant books out there anyways .
Now sometimes a bad book @MONTH1 end up in the kids section but that dose not mean we have to remove that book forever form all the other people who want to read that book .
All librarie workers just have to make sure to put all books in there rightfull spots and nothing bad will happen .
The bad books will be in the adult section and the child frendily books will be in another .
Have some libabrie workers watching the area and make aure little kids dont go in the libabrie .
This will prevent childern from seeing the bad books because they will be in the adult section .
In conclusion I answer this question by saying no .
There are just way to many good books that would have to be gone forever