I belive that all literature of any kind is useful even though it could be offensive .
If society plans on taking something off the shelf because it offends a race or gender , than many life-lesson books , movies , magazines , music , etc.
, would be removed from the shelves .
Things such as books or movies are there to take people to different worlds , to help them learn knowledge , to teach them lessons that the real world @MONTH1 not teach them .
If materials are taken off the shelf in fear of offending someone , then not very many things will be left just like Katherine Paterson says in her quote .
If certian literature were not around anymore then it definitly would not be the same as it is now .
Literature are there for us , they teach us , and if if one @CAPS1 was taken away , it would start a riot .
Books are always there for us , when we are bored , lonely , or just want to escape reality .
Imagine if you we not able to read your favorite book because it was no longer considered appropriate for society .
If all books had to be appropriate for every age , it would take all the interesting out of everything .
Whether it is a novel or a regular encyclopedia , all books would be dulled down to exceed the needs of our 'non offending ' society .
Lots of music would lose it's luster and magazines would not be able to gossip about the 'hottest new things . '
Movies would get too boring to watch and many things in society would fall apart .
Books , documentaries , magazines , are there to help people learn , either if its a lesson about what not to do while your young , such as smoking , if books about smoking were taken away because it offended the part of society that chose to smoke then how would any of the teens today know not to start smoking ?
Novels are usually fiction , but the characters come to life to readers .
They have problems just life people of the real world even though they @MONTH1 not be real themsleves , so if one reads that book , the way that character handles the situation could help a real life person decide on what they should do about there problem .
Important history books of movies could be taken away becaus it 'offends ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 to have students learn about slaves .
If one @CAPS1 was taken from the shelf because of offending someone then more and more materials would be taken away form society .
What good does that do anyone ?
It leaves many students uneducated about many things that they need to be educated about .
It would disrupt the order in libraries if books were being removed because of aproppriateness .
If books were being judged on appropriateness then many authors would not be able to write the novels and literature that they do now .
No good would come of removing anything from the shelves of libraries .
Books , movies , magazines , music , it is all too important to society , it keep us company , it teaches us , is makes life easier at times when the world wants to kick you while you are down .
If one person decided that a book was not appropriate then they can chose not to read it , but they should not decide to help remove that book from the shelves of libraries .
They would start a landslide of trouble that would effect everyone in the @LOCATION1 and maybe even across the globe .
Information of any kind is a good @CAPS1 no matter the content of it .
So removing any sort of material from our libraries is a horrible idea .