The content in todays materials are not always subtible for young children .
Information now distributed in the media and other networks can be harmful for some young children to read or be surrounded by , including video games .
By growing up in a violent enviornment , children observe and have the greater chance at becoming violent .
The continuence of censorship in todays materials are a necessity to the well being of the children in todays society .
In video games there are ratings that help explain wat is subtible for each age throughout childhood and adolesence .
Movies are also the same , making it harder for younger children to see certain movies .
Books and magazines are not as well protected although they should be .
Age and maturity plays a huge role in whether or not a child should be aloud to read and be introduced to specific material .
Violence is a major trend in video games in todays world , and some of the influence it brings on children is unecessary and eventually detrimental to their well being .
The reason ratings should be changed is because children obsorb their enviornment and become what they see , so if they are introduced to violent behavior they have a greater chance in becoming violent children .
In libraries there are sections for every age group , specific genre of books , fiction , and non fiction .
But some of the explicit material in books and magazines should also be censored before they are distributed on shelves and allowed available for young teenagers and children .
As a part of the community libraries should take apart in the well being of the children and not expose them to information earlier than necessary .
Throughout my own experience , I have seen children grow up too fast when exposed to certain knowledge .
Especially in todays music , radios do a good job in editing content in songs , by puting parental advisory on certain cd's , but this still does not stop them from buying the material .
In games including , @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 , @NUM1 , etc .
teens are now becoming accostumed to this type of behavior , that is not safe nor condusive for children .
By censoring certain material it disallows the continuence of bad behavior amongst our youth today