A @CAPS1 is a place for people of all ages to come and get a book , magazine , music , movies and much more .
Libraries are a key essential to learning and helping those with reading skills .
Studies show that reading will make you much smarter and able to understand and comprehend well .
However , in my opinion , offensive reading , viewing or listening material does not belong in libraries , to some extent .
As I stated earlier , libraries are a place of learning and for developing skills .
Books that are for 'adults ' can be found in adult type stores or even at a regular local book store .
Parents bring their children to the @CAPS1 to support their reading ability and to advance it .
They don't want to have to worry about making sure their kids are not looking at anything bad .
A few years back , I herd about a teenage boy that would go into the @CAPS1 about once a week to look for movies that this parnents would not approve of .
Later on that boy was caught and punished .
If those kinds of movies were not there in the first place , his parents would not of had to worry about it .
Almost everywhere you go and everything to see and hear has some type of wrong background to it .
Parents should feel okay and worry-free when it comes to letting their kids do something as simple as going to the @CAPS1 .
This problem can be easily fixed with removing that issue .
I strongly believe that @CAPS1 material should be censored in the way that those who should not see it , can not see it .
On the other hand , material such as religious or cultural learning items that people find offensive should not be taken off the shelves .
Religious and cultural books , music , movies , and/or magazines are for those to learn .
Form what I have seen , someone @MONTH1 want , for example , a book about @CAPS2 taken off the shelf because they are @CAPS3 and might not support their religious ways .
I find this wrong because it is a free country that includes freedom of religion and they can't be denied informing others about that religion .
Libraries are a place to feel safe and relaxed .
Everyone likes to sit in the @CAPS1 for hours and soak in a good novel .
Material that is found offensive does not belong their , unless it is for real educational learning .