The subject of censorship in libraries has been brought upon many times .
Censorship is a rule prohibiting the view of a book , music , movies , magazines , etc .
This censorship is because of it's rating or the content in it is inapropriate for some viewers/readers .
Of course , many people have their own opinions about this censorship in libraries , as do I. I believe that censorship is a good idea in some cases .
These cases being music , or movies .
However , I don't believe censorship is a good idea in books .
Children all over the world read books and as time goes on , our children are becoming more and more advanced and read on higher levels .
This is where censorship comes into play .
Libraries want to censor higher reading level books because these books include profanity , violence , sex , drugs , and any other aspect of adultry .
I disagree with the censorship of these books because this is basically telling our children that they can't challenge themselves or they can't learn about certain things because of their age .
These books , in my opinion , can only help them .
These books will help them learn about society , what's wrong and what's right , and will help them , grow as they get older .
The higher reading level books help them understand words better , and also help them learn about literature and past times .
When I was in middle school , I was not an advanced reader by any means , but I did like to read occasionally .
One day , I went to the library in search of a challenging book .
The book I found was a book called ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' by @PERSON1 .
This book was a fictional story taking place during the @LOCATION1 @CAPS3 .
As I put in my pin number to check out the book at the front desk , the librarian informed me that I couldn't check out the book because it was a young adult book , meaning 'too advanced ' for me .
She said I needed parent consent before I was able to check it out .
That night , I asked my parents about it and asked if I could read it .
They said yes , mostly because they were so thrilled that I even wanted to read a book so challenging .
The next day I got a note from home informing the librarian that I could read the book .
I was so thrilled when I was finally able to check out the book and read it .
From my experience with the library censorship , I think that the best route to take is that if there is a parent/guardian who is over @NUM1 , and they approve of the checking out of the book/magazine or whatever it @MONTH1 be , then the child or student is allowed to check out said book/magazine etc .
In conclusion , the censorship of books , magazines , etc .
is an overall mediocre idea , with some exceptions .
The rule of parent/guardian consent is the best route to take in my opinion.Of course , this subject will be argued for many years to come and many people will have their own opinions .
Each side of the argument has valid points , but I think that it is imparative that we keep censorship out of books and keep our children learning and reading at their highest ability , no matter what the reading level is .