Should certain materials in libraries be removed from shelves if they are found offensive ?
I do not think books or any other materials should be taken off the shelves for some people ?
There are many reasons that the books should stay on the shelves .
I am going to tell you all of the reasons I think the books should stay on the shelves .
One reason I think the books should stay on the shelves is because some people might need the books for a school project .
For example , a student could have a project over @CAPS1 .
A book on @CAPS1 could offend many people .
Just because it offends some people does not mean it should be taken off the shelf because other people might need that book .
Someone might need a certain book for a project .
If the one book they need is taken off a shelf because it offended someone they could fail a class .
That is one reason I think the books should stay on the shelves .
Another reason I think they should stay on the shelves it's their opinion if the book offends them .
Just because they don't like the book and it offends them doesn't mean other people do not want to read it .
Why would you take a book off of a shelf because it offends one or a couple people ?
There could be many more people who want to check out that book and read it .
If a book offends you just dont look at it .
Why would you look at something that offends you ?
I don't understand why libraries would have to removed a book from the shelf just because it offends someone .
Especially , when that person could just ignore the book and pay no attention to it .
That is my last reason my opinion is what it is .
So after reading this I hope you understand why my opinion is what it is .
There is no point in taking books off the shelves .
People need them for research and projects .
It is someones opinion if they do not like what the book is about and if it offends them .
For example , if i didn't like something on a menu at a resteraunt they are not going to take it off the menu for me .
My last reason the books should stay on the shelves is the people can just ignore the books and not look at them that would be easier than taking books off the shelves .
THE @CAPS3