Is @CAPS1 Right ?
Is @CAPS1 right to have censorship in libraries ?
This question could be answered in two very different opinions .
Some people @MONTH1 want all censorship items out of public areas .
On the other hand , there are people that @MONTH1 like to read this type of material .
This is a very opinionated topic .
In my opinion , libraries are places I go to find a book to read , research , listen to music , rent movies , or relax while looking at a magazine .
Libraries are puble areas and not everyone is going to agree .
Everyone has their own favorite book or genre .
I believe @CAPS1 is unjustiful to take away censorship in libraries because this @MONTH1 be ones favorite genre .
Why do libraries need to limit their choice while noone else does ?
For example , many parents would love if all clothes stores would ban holes in jeans because they are to revealing .
The stores don't .
They do not ban holes in jeans because many teenage girls like holes in their jeans .
American @CAPS2 is not going to band capris just because I do not like them .
There are different favorites , likes , dislikes , and opinions .
A great resolution for this dissagreement is catorigizing .
By putting all of the censorshiped books , movies , magazines , and music in one area , @CAPS1 will decrease arguments on this topic because all of the people that like censorship in libraries will be together in their area .
Where as the people that do not want the censorship in libraries do not have to be around @CAPS1 .
This is a quick and easy fix .
There is no reason to take away ones favorite genre because someone doesn't like @CAPS1 .
If this is true then our world will have nothing because not everyone likes one certain thing .
For instance , I do not like blue aeropostale shirts .
Pink are my favorite .
My friend @CAPS3 likes the blue shirts and hates the pink shirts .
We both write to the manager to get rid of the shirt color we do not like .
This is nonbenifical for either of us because now the one we do not like is got but so is the one we do like .
This is nonsense .
There will be nothing left in the store .
Pople in charge can easily sort material at a store or a library to make @CAPS1 fit the communities likings .
Getting rid of material is not the answer .
Catorigizing is the fix that needs to be put into action immediatly