In our society today there is an enormous amount of exposure to materials that many adults didn't have when they were a child .
Young children today see drugs , alcohol , sex , and teen pregnancy portrayed as things a normal child's everyday life consists of .
Certain television shows , books , and even some popular songs condone these behaviors that many @CAPS1 are opposed to .
While libraries @MONTH1 seem to be the most unusual place to have access to these materials , many young children can checkout books that are simply not appropriate for their age .
Censorship of materials , such as books , movies , and music , that are found offensive or inappropriate are a way to teach young children that life isn't all about what the media portrayes it to be .
One very important reason to allow censorship of materials in libraries is that you might not know what type of book you 're looking at .
Many children , and adults too , walk into the library and look among the books until they see a cover or a title that grabs their attention .
While most of the books in a library are age appropriate a child can still grab a book that isn't something they should be reading .
There are mass amounts of influential materials from the media and also from peers that a child is subject to .
Censorship in a library will make it a safer place for children to go and pick up any book in the proper section for them and will also allow the @CAPS1 to not have to worry about what their child has selected .
As author Katherine Paterson so rightly said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf . '
@CAPS1 should never have to worry about what their child can get ahold of in a public library .
A second reason to allow censorship in libraries is that video stores already have censorship in their shops , along with ratings on all their movies and video games .
Most video stores have a seperate section of movies that are deemed to have 'adult content ' in them .
A minor can not walk into a movie store and go to the section of movies deemed for adults , or someone over the age of eighteen .
A minor can't rent an @CAPS2-rated movie without proving that they are seventeen , or they have an adult to rent it for them .
The same thing occurs with video games , for example a video game with a rating of @CAPS3 , or mature , can not be rented or bought by anyone under the age of eighteen .
@CAPS5 censorship should be applied to libraries .
Having seperate sections based on adult content allow movies and books to be set in a seperate location so that no child can possibly rent something that they have no intention of watching or reading .
@CAPS5 type of censorship also allows for a parent to choose if their child can see it .
An example of @CAPS5 would be for a sixteen year old boy .
While he can not go and rent the @CAPS2-rated movie , if his @CAPS1 deem it acceptable for him to see , then they can rent it for him .
@CAPS5 gives the parent control of what their child sees , instead of the child having full control .
@CAPS5 same type of censorship that video stores have is a perfect way to place censorship in a library .
Perhaps the most important reason for censorship in libraries is the early exposure the materials give to the children .
Many young children have been watching television shows or hearing things on the news that make it seem acceptable in our society to drink at parties when you 're not of age , do illegal drugs for the feeling , and have sex at an extremely young age because it's what 'everyone's doing . '
@CAPS5 is a very risky path to let the young children in our society take .
Allowing our culture to become @CAPS5 way can lead to various sorts of problems , as we have seen all to well .
Many young kids , some as young as fourteen or fifteen years old , go to parties and drink .
When it comes to getting a ride home they go with their seventeen-year-old friend who has a license , and who has also been drinking at the party .
Now hopefully the story ends that all of the children make it home safely , but that is not how it works in many cases .
There have been so many drunk driving crashes recently in our nation with children who should not have even been drinking .
@CAPS5 ties back to censorship because of the way these kids were pressured into drinking .
Many adults in the society blame it on peer pressure ; but where do the peers get the idea that @CAPS5 is acceptable ?
These ideas come from the influences that the society's children are susceptable to .
Censorship in libraries is one way of restricting the ideas children are exposed to , and hopefully allowing them lead safer and healtheir lives .
While there are so many other factors in the exposure to children of these materials , stopping the exposure in libraries is one way of eradicating early exposure .
Young children in today's society and culture are exposed to excessive amounts of inappropriate materials .
These three factors , the inability to know what you might be checking out at the library , the fact that video stores already have censorship , and the unecessary exposure to young children , all lead to the need for censorship in libraries .
Today's society is all about the freedom to allow anything to happen than is acceptable .
While some @MONTH1 see these books or movies as their own freedom to speech the truth is that it is harming the society , hence the need for censorship in libraries and other places where children have access to movies , books , magazines , music , and video games .
Removing the offensive books , magazines , and movies from shelves in libraries around the country will lead to a safer culture for children to grow up in , and a society where things such as drugs , alcohol , and sex aren't condoned near as often