To whom it @MONTH1 concern , Censorship is an issue that has plagued our society for centuries .
It is not only unnecessary , but unconstitutional .
As @CAPS1 , we have certain @ORGANIZATION1 that we are guarenteed by the documents that keep our society out of anarchy .
If the right to pick what liturature to read , watch , or listen to is taken away , where will that put our country ?
Censorship should by no means be allowed in our country today .
In the @CAPS2 , the @CAPS3 , and the @ORGANIZATION1 , we are given certain @ORGANIZATION1 .
Some of these @ORGANIZATION1 , including freedom of speech and freedom of the press , have already been contricted , which is 'wrong ' in the eyes of the government , but nevertheless , it is taking place .
We @MONTH1 not have 'lost ' these @ORGANIZATION1 , but they have definitely been constricted .
Why should the government be able to tell us what to read ?
If censorship is allowed , what is to come is frightening .
If our government , which is supposed to be 'for the people ' tells us what we can read and not read , what is going to stop them from telling us what to wear , drink , or even eat ?
Censorship in libraries is one of our biggest issues .
There are countless examples on why censorship of written liturature should not be allowed .
For instance , if a college student is writting a research paper about the effects of rape on a child , but the government sees rape as 'too graphic ' , what is this student to do ?
He or she should be given the right to use what materials are necessary to write a fully-informed paper .
But by censoring our libraries , and taking books out , the government is hindering the education of it's countries youth .
Some @CAPS4 classics are also being speculated against .
The @CAPS5 of @PERSON2 has been known as a classic since it was written .
It is used in classrooms everywhere around the country for education .
But recently , the availability of the book has been questioned .
Throughout the novel , the ' n-word ' is used , but never as an insult .
During the time-period of its writing , this word was more common , and had a much less severe meaning than it does in modern day societies .
But because time has changed it's meaning , it is being removed from libraries and curriculums across the country .
This is unlawful censorship .
One of the greatest books of our time , an @CAPS4 classic , is being removed from the lives of our youth because of 'racy language ' .
Censorship is not only taking place in written liturature .
Movies and music are also under the magnifying glass of censorship .
Movies are rated for a reason , to give the viewers an age group for which the movie is appropriate .
This is helpful to parents to be able to self-censor their children .
But it is not up the the government to be able to choose what a specific child is able to view .
It is a parents right to be able to expose or not expose their child to whatever they see fit , not that of our country's lawmakers .
Music is one of the biggest part of our society today .
With the invention of iPods and @NUM1 devices , music has become much more common , and portable .
Censorship is becoming more severe with the change of music style .
The music styles of modern teenagers greatly differs from that of their grandparents .
Almost nothing is seen as unacceptable by many of today's rappers , as displayed in their choice of lyrics .
The music business is taking quite a beating for what has become the most popular .
With the most common themes of sex , drugs , and money , it @MONTH1 seem offensive to some citizens , but others @MONTH1 just shrug it off as a normalcy .
So how can someone say 'No , you @MONTH1 not listen to that , ' ?
This should not be allowed , yet it is .
How can one person , or a group of people decide what is acceptable and what is not ?
They can not .
Censorship is morally wrong , as well as lawfully wrong .
Taking the media from its citizens , such as books , movies , and music , is unconstitutional .
What would our forefathers think of what censorship has become ?
Before you pull that 'unacceptable ' book off the shelf , remember the @ORGANIZATION1 of our great countries citizens , and the @ORGANIZATION1 of individuals like yourself .
Sincerely , @PERSON1