It is a prominent question of debate whether or not certain materials in libraries such as books , music , movies and magazines should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .
Although there are materials that @MONTH1 me harmful to children , freedom of information is far more importiant than protection because censorship is unconstitutional , prevents readers from an impartial perspective , and in some cases hides pressing societal issues that are deemed improper by the censors .
The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 states that freedom of speech , religion and the press shall not be denied or abridged .
In more general terms , the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 grants freedom of expression .
Censorship is effectively unconstitutional .
It prevents freedom of expression .
Students and scholars alike can not access all information that should be avaliable to them if not for censorship .
Although private business and libraries can be permitted to censor because they have their own contracts that permit this , public libraries and schools are effectively breaching the constitution when they censor .
Censorship prevents a whole and complete perspective on an issue .
Censors often ban particular books because of personal views of alleged 'immorality . '
@CAPS5 a clear and complete access to all information , how can one make any valid conclusion about anything ?
If , for example , one wants to learn the difference between an agnostic philosophy and a deist one , but has no access to any agnostic books , which were banned by intolerant religious zealots , you can not effectively learn anything .
Every special interest group wants to ban a certain type of material .
Author Katherine Paterson said that 'if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS6 this is true .
If every special interest group deems it proper to censor material that is against their interests , there will be no material left .
There will be no knoledge left .
Withought knowledge , we as a human race are left in the dark .
Many books are banned that address great problems of society .
@PERSON3's @CAPS7 @NUM1 addressed the growing problems of censorship and the dangers of technology .
As the fireman @CAPS8 @PERSON4 burnt books , so ironically the novel was censored .
Perhaps this is a ploy by the censors to defend theire special interest , that is censorship .
They feel powerfull when they restrict other people's freedoms .
A novel by @PERSON2 , @CAPS9 @CAPS10 , was banned .
Apart from vulgar language in the book , @CAPS9 @CAPS10 also denounced free will and portrayed the US's brutal bombing of @LOCATION1 in @CAPS13 @CAPS14 @CAPS15 .
This book reveals much about human truth , yet it was banned .
How will society ever change if any time a revolutionary book is written it is banned ?
Censorship is a great problem .
Although there are many works that are meaninglessly violent , brutal and cruel , no book or any other material should be censored .
In public libraries and schools , censorship is blatently unconstitutional .
Censorship prevents people from seeing the whole perspective , and censorship hinders societal change .
Censorship must be denounced as a restriction on our inteligence and liberty .