Children are our future because when I am old they will be the ones who are caring for me , so for me censorship is big deal for me .
It's a big deal not only because of how it will affect my children , but because it will affect me and what everybody else will be able to read .
I agree that censorship is an importaint issue but to what extent should it be taken .
People should have the right to read what they want to .
They should also be allowed to find it in their local public libraries .
My veiw on censorship in public libraries is that most things should be allowed to stay on the book shelf .
I can understand censorship to an extent , but taking books out of a public libraries makes it hard to chose where to draw the line .
You don't want a book taken out just because it has a bad word in it .
Just because some books are classics that everyone knows , does that mean that we shouldn't take that book out of a public library ?
I do beleive that some books should stay because adults don't want to be reading kids books they most likely want to be reading a more complex book .
I think their are some books that should stay out of the library though .
A example is books that are extremly racist .
These books should be kept far away from are children .
This is needed because younger children might try to act out things they might hear or read because there are audio books and those would just make them say those things .
This could cause them to get in trouble for things they don't understand yet .
There is things that you can do as an alterative to keep these things out of the hands of children .
There is already one that is used in public libraries and it is seperateing the adutl books from the children books .
You could also move these two sections to oppisite sides of the library .
the books that are more explicit cold be put higher up such as on a top shelf .
Most kids would not be able to reach as high as a adult .
These are my veiws and ideas on censorship in libraries .
The ideas and veiws that I have are most likely different than most people .
I thought that they were good ideas though .
Ones such as seperate section for kids and adults .
I thought my best one was puting the more explicit books up higher and moving the sections farther a part .