Books , music , movies , and magazines are all a form of expression .
We have the freedom to @ORGANIZATION1 the way we feel or think , but can it be to graphic for some to read ?
I believe censorship in libraries are needed to protect the minds of children and people who are easily influenced by the thoughts of others .
Books are a major factor in expressing the way one feels about a topic from romance to horror .
Many children like to read books or comic books that invovle a great deal of violence .
Childrens mind's are like sponges , which means they soke up anything they read about and it has a great chance at influencing their functioning to everyday activities .
If you go into a music store you will find many different types of music from rap to blue grass .
I 've noticed in my school that a particular type of music that stands out is rap and the favorite artist is @ORGANIZATION2 @PERSON1 .
@ORGANIZATION2 @PERSON1 has been known for rapping about drugs , sex , money , and violence .
Many teens think that if their favorite artist can do all this why can't they ?
I 've only listened to a few songs by @ORGANIZATION2 and in every song one of those four key topics comes up .
Like @ORGANIZATION2 @PERSON1 the movie industry is starting to come out with more and more movies about drugs , sex , money , and violence .
Many students in my school talk about the latest comedy movies like ' @ORGANIZATION1 ' , 'The @CAPS1 ' , ' @CAPS2 ' ect .
and how they turned their life into something like those movies when they go on @DATE1 or @DATE2 break .
Movies like those are funny to watch but for someone who is easily influenced shouldn't be watching them .
Books , music , movies , and magazines , they surround us with their stories and thoughts of another human being .
We do have the freedom and the right to @ORGANIZATION1 ourselves but we also have the right to take it away if we feel it is endangering the minds of others .
I think censorship in a library from certain things is a good option in cleaning up a mind poisoning mess