Katherine Paterson made a valid point in stating that some books are to offensive for some people to read , but that does not mean they they should not be read .
Time and time throughout someone's life we hear things that we do not like nor want to be bothered with , but it is good that we do .
Libraries should have to right to open all types of books to their shelves and not have them be censored by the public , this is why .
We , as people of the @CAPS1 have battled through hard times .
@CAPS2 , racistism , and extreme poverty or depression are just a few to recall .
Having delt with those issues we alwaying tend to repeat them out of lack of knowledge .
Slavery and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 were some of the @CAPS1's lowest moments and they were also very gruesome .
Recalling those memeries is difficult but something that needs to be done ; if books were to be cencored then many young adults would not be educated and could repeat such horrible actions .
Pertaning to movies , music and magzines the same laws applies .
Though not in the same way , many times these publications are written about current news or social aspects of life .
Music is a form a expression and everyone has their own taste .
Not having to opition to chose froma variety of styles is wrong and unfair .
Music can not only be an expression feeling about love or angry but it can also teach life lesson's .
Some artist like to sing or rap on their life journey .
This can educate others in to knowing that if you do this then this is the result , good or bad .
In a magzine they tend to lean towards more current topics such a politics , jobs , or young adults lifestyles .
Movies apply to the same rights and topics .
Each on is egualily as important and if a group of citizens feel that it is not then who are they to make that call .
What gives a group of people the right to say this is inapporicate and that you should not read it ?
They do not have it .
In the constitution is states that you have freedom of speech and that means you can express it anyway you choose .
By censoring what people read that is in a way taking away that author right to speak .
Now , that is unfair .
Though Katherine Paterson made a vaild point in saying that some books are to offensive to read , she just simiply is not right .
A library is supposed to be a place where people can find a book , music , movie , magazine of any genre and read it .
If matericals were cencored then that is unfair to someone else who does want to read it .
Bottom line is that you have free will and you have to power to choose weather or not you want to read something