There are things in the world that are not ment for certain people to see .
Things like rated @CAPS1 movies , @CAPS2 books , alcohol , and @CAPS2 music are not ment for children .
Yes people have rights , they can view whatever they want .
If a @CAPS4 wants to see a rated @CAPS1 movie or drink a beer that is the parents choice to let that @CAPS4 see that movie not the person running the store .
If you are under the age limit a store keeper should have the right to tell you , you can't go in the store or buy his product .
Is it okay for a storkeeper to to tell your @CAPS4 no ?
Some would say yes to this and others would say no .
If your @CAPS4 is trying to buy a movie with guns , blood , and killing , and you don't want your @CAPS4 to have this movie you might be mad if a store keeper let your @CAPS4 buy it .
On the other hand you might be mad if this store keeper told your @CAPS4 he wasnt allowed to buy this movie .
If the rated @CAPS1 is based on maturaty how does this store keeper know how mature your @CAPS4 really is ?
Your @CAPS4 could be a one that likes to copy the things they see on movies , the store keeper doesn't know if this is true or not .
He doesn't know this @CAPS4 , he can't say if he is mature enough to watch this movie with guns , blood , and killing .
How would this store keeper feel if this @CAPS4 watched this movie he let the @CAPS4 buy and the @CAPS4 went out and killed someone , how would you feel if this happened ?
This wouldn't happen if there was an age limit .
If a group of @NUM1 year olds who just got their license go into a liquor store and try to buy beer , who is going to stop them from drinking and driving if there is no age limit on drinking ?
Lives get wasted when teenagers make choices like drinking and driving .
When your @NUM2 years old you don't think about whats going to happen after you make a choice , you just think about how fun it's going to be while your doing it .
Most 12- @NUM2 year olds aren't mature enough to make decisions in the spure of the moment .
There for there should be an age limit for some things , maybe not all things in the world , like weather or not your @CAPS4 can buy a candy bar or a soda .
But an age limit on buying an @CAPS1 rated movie , alcohol , guns , knives exc .
What would the world be like if children went around with these things ?
With an age limit on ceritain this there wouldn't be a probelm with these things