What do you go to the library for ?
In earlier times libraries used to be the place where you went to study .
They were no computers , and so you had to go look up your work in a educational book at the library .
Is that truly what people are doing at the libraries now , or are people there to look at vulgar books , magazines , and movies ?
A library is meant to be the place where you can go to work in peace and have a helpful resource of educational books .
But , now you can go to the library and be tempted to look at books you shouldn't be looking at .
Instead you could be on the computer the whole time playing games of some sort .
The possibilites are endless .
People now could go to the library and check out a magazine , movie , or book on : pornagrophy , drugs , achlocol , or worse .
Is that really what you want your kid to accidently pick up at the library ?
Presonally I myself witnessed a little kid pick up a porn magazine at the library , and his mom had to grab it very fast before he had the chance to look at the magazine .
The library should not be used for this , and the treat of young kids accidently looking at these materials should not be happening in the library .
The music some one could listen is also very bad , and your child could listen to that .
Then what if they want to keep listening to it ?
Yes , the world does have a huge impact on what is put into the library ; because , drugs , sex , scandals , and achlocol seem to be what most teenagers are intereseted in at some point in their young life .
But a library is a community building and there is no stopping some one from coming in and easily getting these vuglar things .
The thoughts of the youth is completely swayed after they watch , read , or listen to this .
And , this needs to be controled .
Women and children can find all of these materials offensive .
These materials need to be censored more then what the are right now .
Libraries should be a safe place where people can go to study or get a book , and not to be tempted to look at something they should not be looking at .
Many people find this offensive .
Yes , in the end libraries are a great place , but the people who do not use libraries for the right reasons are why these materials need to be censored at the libraries