A library card is one thing a kid always looked forward to .
It's the first piece of identification that many kids have that they are allowed to carry around themselves.The card opens up a whole new world of entertainment and storys that can take you anywhere you want to go .
Once a kid owned a library card , they were allowed to check out any book they wanted out of the huge selection of items in a library .
But how do you keep a young child from checking out a book , movie , or magazine about inappropriate adult material ?
A solution to this problem should be formed so that people can be protected from material they don't want to see in a book , movie , or any other source of entertainment .
Libraries today normally have a specified children's section , where picture books and short stories litter the shelves .
The rest of the building is a scattering of books and other materials sorted only by author name and genre .
The only way to understand what the item is about is to flip through the pages or read the back cover and try to find a hint of how the plot goes .
This could be dangerous at times because not all materials give a specific summary of what happens .
I once rented a movie expecting it to be a scary thriller about a killer in a trailer park .
It ended up being scary for another reason , as multiple uncensored sex scenes were displayed throughout the first couple minutes of the feature .
I had no idea the movie was going to involve scenes like that and I was disgusted that there was no warning .
I believe items like that should be placed in a seperate area or at least be required to give a summary of the kind of offensive material in them .
Libraries could collect viewer comments , allowing people who had checked out an item to write what they thought about it .
People could then read these comments before checking out that item .
Viewer comments would be a good way to get someones else's opinion on what the item contained before another decided to rent it .
Another effective way to help this problem would be to give materials a certain rating , like the ratings of movies when they come out in theaters .
A specific rating would warn viewers or readers from checking out an item that is offensive or inappropriate .
Libraries could also give specific age ranges according to the ratings on an item , not allowing anyone under a certain age limit to check out a book from the building .
Ratings would help keep offensive books out of a child's hands , or that of anyone else who didn't want to be exposed .
Libraries hold all different kinds of materials about any subject you could think of .
They can open a whole new world to learn and be entertained but also a world of inappropriate items .
I believe items with offensive material should be either put in a seperate area , or given a certain rating in order to warn people before checking it out .
Allowing viewers to make comments about the material could also be very helpful .
Libraries are a wonderful place full of great stories and adventures , so they should not be polluted with offensive and inappropriate material