Do you find books you read offensive ?
How about music , or magazines ?
I sure don't .
I can't think of why someone would be offended about a book they chose to read .
If you sit back and think about it , there should be a low amout of reasons that someone should be offended by a book that is written for the general public .
I believe that it is possible for there to be books that have offensive words or actions in them , but unless they are directed towards the reader , or intentionally being used to offend someone then it is just a book .
A lot of books , especially ones on history , use language and actions that were used during that time .
They use them to show you and inform you on how things used to be and what it was like during the time .
Not very often , or that I have ever seen , do the authors make a book to just to put someone down .
I tend to see books just explaining things and using offensive words just to show how things were and to set a tone of the book .
Music on the other hand could be thought of as different .
Many people could take music in the wrong way .
A majority of offensive problems spawning from music come from the genre of rap .
Rappers tend to express themselves throughly , and in doing that often times use very offensive language .
I personally don't get botherd by the music , because they are usually refering to their own life and how things went with them .
Music can also be on the good side too .
When you get the calm and collective music , it tends to help people and can be used to help people relax .
Therefore music can be either way , but it mostly goes about who the person is and how they react to what they listen to .
Then you have magazines .
Personally I think they are the worst of all .
Magazines tend to go one way or the other .
They either put a person down and be completely negative towards them , or they are positive and say nothing but good about them .
One big problem with magazines is that they write down what they hear and what they want to hear , not always knowing the full story .
In that case they have a very high chance of being very offensive towards the person or group they are talking about .
Magazines always have a positive , but where there is a positive they have a harsh negative thing to put in with it .
In these regaurds , I believe that there is nothing wrong with a library .
There are always going to be negatives and positives , but libraries tend to stick with the positive side .
Plus if a book looks like it might end up being offensive towards you , then there is no one that can tell you that you can't just put it down and stop reading it .
With music , only get stuff that you like and if you are easily offended don't listen to that music .
Libraries just give you the opportunity to possibly get something you could enjoy .
There is no reason someone would not be able to refrain from going in and getting an offensive book .
In saying this , it can go either way .
I don't believe there is anything worng with libraries censorship as long as you can use your own good judgement .