Imagine your favorite book , song , and movie .
The ones that you love to watch , listen to , or read a million times over .
The ones that you keep on checking out from the library again and again because you love it so much .
Now imagine it gone from the libraries .
What happened to it ?
You think that it has been checked out , but later you find that it has been removed from the shelves because someone found it offensive .
What can you do ?
When you go to the library , you usually expect a huge selections of books and other materials to choose from .
A library helps many people of all ages be able to choose whatever they are interested in .
This is one reason why libraries are so popular among all people .
If the libraries were to begin to remove items off of the shelves that they found offensive , many people would not be able to find all the items that they enjoyed anymore .
I believe that everyone is entitled to their own opinions .
Libraries should accomodate as many people as they are able .
Removing material from the shelves @MONTH1 make some people happy , but it would also take away items that many people find enjoyable .
Libraries should not remove items from the shelves if they are found offensive .
Doing this could result in less material for people of all ages .
If you find something to be offensive , all that you have to do is not check the book or other material out .
In Katherine Paterson's words , 'If I have the right to remove a book from the shelf- that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on teh shelf for any of us . '
I believe that if items were to be removed from the shelves , there would be less for others to enjoy .
Taking materials off of the shelves would be unfair to all readers .
Everyone has a favorite book or movie that they love to read or watch .
If someone were to disagree with this , this would not only disable you from reading or watching what you love , but it also takes away from other readers who didn't have a chance to make their own opinions on the material .
Many people have different ideas on what they feel is offensive .
While some @MONTH1 think that some books have subjects too racy for readers , others @MONTH1 not feel that this is not the case .
Take a popular childrens book like @LOCATION1's @CAPS1 .
To some , this @MONTH1 be one of the best books ever written .
If someone disagreed with this and felt that it was too serious or offensive to young readers , many new readers would never know this book .
They would have never had the chance to make their own opinions .
I feel that censorship in libraries is an extreme show of personal opinion .
It is only natural to disagree with someone .
You can always run into people that don't share the same feelings about certain types of music or movies .
Eliminating material from the shelves would be unfair to people .
If everyone were to take their least favorite book off of the shelves and replace it with one they like better , soon the libraries would be filled with items that would only reach out to a certain audience .
Libraries are meant to fulfill everyone's desires and taste .
To conclude , taking items off the shelves because they are offensive to someone would not be fair .
In fact , I believe that doing so would create more problems for people .
If an item that someone was looking forward to checking out was no longer available due to censorship , many people @MONTH1 even decide that they don't want to go to the library anymore .
What is great about the library is that you have a huge selection of items to choose from .
If censorship were to take place , the library would no longer be a place to enjoy .
Censoring material would be like telling a reader that their opinions were not as important as those of the people who found it offensive .
I believe that if you find something so terribly offensive that you don't want it available to check out at the library , first think to yourself what you would do if the library didn't have your favorite things .
Because after all , what you think is offensive @MONTH1 be the best thing in the world to someone else .