Be a parent or responsible child if you are against censorship .
Censorship is really unavoidable , and it should not be an issue .
If you dont want to read the magazine , book or watch the movie then just dont watch it .
Myriads amount of people avoid it every day if they dont want to see it , and many people do read and watch those bad types of movies .
It is a personal choice and you dont have to be exposed to it if you dont want to .
Those who are against censorship try some ways of keeping your children away from the bad or yourself , but dont try to remove it completly .
One reason for censorship is because it provides hordes of information and expands your mind in different ways .
The material or bad material you get out of it is your choice to read .
but i think some of it is good for kids not so that they can be corrupted .
It is so the kids can expand there imagination as well .
However i do think children should wait until they are of certain age to read or watch this material until they are mature enough to seperate reality from fiction .
Also it teaches good @CAPS1 that you might not have learned anywhere else .
Numerous of these articles are about real life and what is going on today .
I think it is great for kids and adults to know what is going on in the world .
If you leave kids in darkness then you leave them with no right of an oponion .
Any parent can tell there child that something is bad for them , but you can never really know unless you experience it for themselves .
The can make up there own minds , and usually they do what is best .
Another reason for censorship is that it can be an escape for some people .
There are people who enjoy reading about fiction or tacky things in life .
It keeps them going on a regular day basis .
You never know what somebody enjoys doing .
If somebody is having a bad day and they want to read or watch what they like and find out they are unable now there is a good chance poeple will be furious .
If i was unable to do what I like to do i would probably be angry or depressed .
It is not alway a ferocious topic .
If you want to keep your children sheltered from it then fine , but the people who can handle it dont want it to be out of public access .
Also keep it in libraries because if you dont want it dont give your kids library passes .
However if you do , supervise them while they are there .
It costs money to go out and buy books when you can just borrow them from the library .
People who dont have money or dont want to own the books shouldnt have to go pay for them when it can be kept from whoever it needs to be kept from .
The last reason for Censorship is it keeps people interested .
It also teaches oodles of information .
Not only does it entertain , but also there is so much vocab you pick up on from these books .
I have personally learned most of my @CAPS1 from books , and i hardly had to pay for any of them .
When you dont have the money to guy buy all the books you want the library has the same information for you , but its just more availiable rather than going to the store .
Whoever finds it offensive thats fine .
There is nobody forcing you to take these items off of the shelves , and its not there business what other people see either .
If people really want to read these items they are going to one way or another banning them from one place is not going to remove censorship from our world .
Children are already exposed to this in school and on telivision .
They need to learn more than just appropriate material if they want to understand the real world.Censorship is viewed as good , bad , and neutral .
Nobody is forcing you to view it , but on the other hand nobody can force you to stay away from it .
Let people make there own decisions .
If you keep complaining there will be numerous amounts of complaints right back at you .
Censhorship should be taken as 'sticks and stones will break my bones , but words will never hurt me ' .
With that being said dont avoid the inevitable .