I do not believe that these types of books should be taken off of the shelves .
Everybody has their likes and dislikes with music , books , movies , magazines , etc .
If the reader does not like the book , then the reader will not continue reading the book .
If the listener does not enjoy rap music , then they will stop listening and try to find a different kind of music .
This topic is about personal opinion and choice .
If it was me , then I would say yes to allowing censored materials .
I like getting the full effect out of things .
I wan na hear the rawness of a song or the anger of a character in a book .
I don't want to read and see a bunch of little stars on a censored word .
I want to see that word and feel its full effect .
I am actually reading the very controversial book ' @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' .
As you @MONTH1 know the author of this book is named @PERSON1 .
Another thing you @MONTH1 know is the use of the ' @CAPS2-word ' .
This is a very controversial book because he doesn't call colored people black or colored , he calls them the ' @CAPS2-word ' throughout most of the book .
Most people now think this is very racist .
But back in @LOCATION1's time it was very commonly said and used in his society .
It wasn't racist back in that time , I mean it still was but it wasn't as controversial as it is today .
Now critics and some readers don't agree with this term and think the book should not be held in libraries or read at all for that fact .
I have to disagree though .
I understand why he used the word , it was a common word in his time .
If you take that word away from the book , you lose some history of the old south .
People have the freedom of speech to say whatever they want to say , whether that be in written form or verbally said .
I honestly say some of these censored words .
Most of the time these words are said when I am angry at myself or another person .
People can't control what we say , so why should they be able to control what we write or sing ?
Just a thought .
Saying that , on the other hand I can see why people don't want these censored words .
Maybe they just don't want their little kid to say a censored word in class to the teacher or to another classmate .
That's understandable , but you can't protect your kids from censored words .
They are everywhere .
From video games , to movies , and even most books now .
You can not control what other people do or say .
It is their freedom to do whatever they want .