I don't think that censorship in labraries is right , for many reasons .
First reason is that all books and contents that a public library offers to the community should be open to everyone .
Second reason is that what you might think is not appropiate , to someone it might not be .
Last reason is that an author has the right to express himself on is book how he feels , without having to worry that his book might be taken off the shelves of public labraries .
My first reason why I think that censorship is not right is that all contents of a library should be open to the community .
For example if a student needed to do research on how black slaves were treated back in history , he might not be able to find a book , to find information on it because someone thought books like that are offensive to black people , so in this case this student wouldn't be able to find any information on his topic , because of the censorship in his library , so instead of going to a library he will have to go somewhere else , where he might find the wrong type of information .
Second reason is that what you might think is offensive , might not be to another person .
So why should your point of view affect another person .
It wouldn't be fair that a point of view of one person would limit the choices that a person has when he goes to the library .
Censorship could take away your favorite series of books of the public library because of group of people thought it was offensive .
My last reason is that an author has the right to express himself on his book how he wants , without having to worry that his book might get taken off the shelves of public libraries for its contents .
Sometimes the content that books have is needed to make the book for discriptive , and interisting to the reader .
Content that you might think is offensive , is the content that really helps the reader understand the book better .
This are the reasons why i think that censorship is not right .
Because if we had censorship on public libraries , then we wouldn't have any books left on the shelves for us to read .
So this are my reasons to support my opinion .