No book should be taken off the shelves for any reason .
Books are a very important part of most peoples daily lives .
Whether they are used for school or just entertainment they are used for a good purpose and are always helpful .
People have different likes and interests and everyone wants to be able to read what they want without having to worry whether the books will still be on shelves tomorrow .
For some people books are a great past time .
They help you learn and even help with hard life situations .
Books are the world to most people and without them those people would not know what to do with their lives .
No one should be aloud to take something away that is important to other people even if it is offensive .
All books have a purpose and a message that they want to get out or else the authors would not have taken time out of their lives to write them down and have them published .
The author writes to tell people a story whether good or bad , he or she wanted to get that story out there to inform people .
The stories are obviously important to the author and important to the readers that enjoy their books .
The authors should not be punished just because someone is offended by what he or she wrote .
If people are so offended then they should just stay away from the books that the certain author writes .
There are plenty of books out there and many different authors that the person can choose from .
They do not have to take it out on certain authors just because they did not enjoy what other people might .
There are so many books out there and odds are there is always going to be a book that offends someone .
If we get rid of every single book that offends people then we are not going to have many books left , and without books we have nothing .
Books are the key point to education and most peoples daily lives .
We will not learn the new ideas that authors put out there for us if people just keep getting offended and taking them off the shelves .
Books need to stay on the shelves .
They are important to everyone , whether they want to admit it or not .
Without books people would not be where they are today