Although possibly offending some people , materials that are in libraries that could possibly be considered 'offensive ' are actually good to keep around .
If people who find the materials in libraries offensive are getting upset over the lack of censorship within the library itsself , they should re-think the situation and consider that the 'offensive ' materials that are left within libraries could be considered appropriate IF the viewer is ready to experience them .
If a person does not want to be exposed to things in libraries that could be considered offensive , then they can altogether avoid these materials .
If parents find the materials that are within libraries offensive , they should monitor their children while they are visiting their library .
The mateirals that could be considered offensive @MONTH1 actually be good , educational media that a person could learn from .
If @CAPS1 within libraries increases , 'then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 in libraries should remain the same as it is now .
Some books , movies , and any other number of things that can be found within libraries are bieng labeled as innapropriate .
These materials can be educational , however , and should not be removed from libraries altogether just because some of the materials are found to be too crude , vulgar , or adult-like for younger ages .
Parents should monitor their children while in a library as to not let them stumble upon something that they would not want them to see yet .
If something is labeled as innappropriate for children to view by parents , then it is the parents responsibility to make sure thier child does not stumble upon it .
Much of what @MONTH1 be considered as innapropriate and needing cencoroship in libraries to this day @MONTH1 actually hold some educational value or meaning to it .
There are books and movies that are based off of true stories that have taken place that could be announced by parents as 'not appropriate to be viewed by children ' .
However , this does not mean that libraries should have to remove the material from their shelves just because parents @MONTH1 not think or necessarily agree that it would be appropriate for their child to read or see .
It is the parents resposibility to see that their child does not check out what they would consider innappropriate .
Much of the things within libraries that might be considered innappropriate for children hold good eduactional value and should not have to be removed from the shelves of the library simply because parents find it not age appropriate for their children .
@CAPS1 in libraries should remain the same as it is now so that those who want to see or read the stories or movies can do so without having to buy them .
If parents want to make a big deal out of how libraries hold materials that are not appropriate for their children , they can either altogether not go to a library or they can monitor their children closely if they bring them along on a library visit .
I have found that when I visit my library , I look at it as a source of knowledge that has been pooled in one place , written and created by thousands of authors , all of which took time out of their own lives to create it .
If we are going to remove these books or movies from libraries , I think it would be taking away the rights that people have to the materials that SHOULD be provided by a library .
@CAPS1 in libraries should remain the same as it is today so that people can enjoy all that should be within it , even if some of it is labeled as innappropriate by parents