Imagine a world where nearly every other book is banned for some reason or another .
That world is not a world I want to live in .
I believe that censorship in libraries is wrong .
For three reasons , really , the first being that people have the right to any information that they desire to have .
The second , people do not have the power to take opportunities away from other people .
The last point I will make is that no information is bad information .
Because we are in @LOCATION1 , I asume that we are talking about censorship in @CAPS1 libraries .
If that is the case , then I think that it is unconstituitional to ban any book , or censor any material .
Censoring books is like putting a blind fold on whoever is reading the material ; they don't see it for what it really is , or for what the intended purpose is .
If the prompt does happen to be including foreign countries , then I think humans do not have the right to influence what other people read .
This is idealistic , yes , and in a perfect world , all countires would have equal rights for everyone , regardless of race or gender .
I think that people should see everything the way it is .
If something is offensive , it's offensive .
It's the person's choice whether or not they read or listen .
That leads me to my last point , that no information can be bad information .
Whether it is profane , or offensive in any way , there is always some kind of meaning behind it .
From rappers like @PERSON2 and @CAPS2 @CAPS3 , who I 've found all of their songs have meaning , whether it's personal , or they are trying to send a message out to the people .
There are books like @CAPS4 for @LOCATION2 , by @ORGANIZATION1 , which has recently been banned by some school libraries because of graphic scenes .
The people who banned the book fail to realize that the book is not about those scenes .
There is a much deeper message about guilt and grief , and redemption beneath it .
Another , more famous book that was banned from school libraries is The @CAPS5 in the @CAPS6 , by @PERSON1 , which is a coming of age story about a boy .
In conclusion , I don not think it is right to ban books or music from libraries .
No one has the right to.There is always meaning within .
The way an author writes a story or a piece of music always has meaning ; they made the conscious decision to write it that way for a reason .
By banning books , they are taking people's chances to grow and expand .