Censorship is very important , especially when you are reffering to libraries .
I believe that each individual person is entitled to an opinion .
If a certain book , magazine , movie , etc.
, is offensive to one specific person or a wide variety of people , those individuals should consult an official who has authority and decides what goes on and off the shelfs about what they think or feel about their choice of selection .
In the world , there are many different types of minorites , racial groups , and also differences in political groups , ( @CAPS1 and @CAPS2 ) .
Even though these seperate groups are extremly different from one another , they all share one thing in common .
No matter who believes what or who supports who , everyone will always have a difference in voice .
Some people @MONTH1 feel that having particular material displayed on shelves of libraries is rather offensive to specific individuals .
Where as others like myself say , as said earlier , if you are to have a problem with something displayed , then you should contact someone who will listen to what you have to say .
For example , I can not express that I desire to have something removed from a library shelf just because I am the one who finds the material a concern .
Not everything is decided by me .
It would be incredibly rude to state that something is offensive to me might not be to someone else .
Just because I don't approve of something gives me no right to purposely remove something from the shelf .
That is all related to freedom of speech .
However , yes , you do in fact have the right to say what bothers you , but you do not own the privledge of doing what you want at any time because you have opposesed views .
It is true to say that we all argee we do not want to see inapropriate material displayed on library shelfs , especially for childrens sake , ergo , libraries should take major consideration of restricting specific areas of a library for adult views only .
I know suggestive material might be a concern for one , so not allowing children of a certain age to see certain material would be a highly good idea for any worried officals , adults , and parents .