WHAT DO I THINK ?
When I heard about the problems some librares were having ; I thought to myself .
What is the big issue over censoring movies , disks , books , and magazines .
I know that children should not be around volgure language heard or read .
Book that have pics @MONTH1 not be eseptible for the eyes of our young chidren either .
The librares should come up with a solution .
I was thinking that if they want to , they could make rooms of books that are only for certin ages .
When people take these books of the shelf to report it or put that book somewhere else away from their children , they make the people that works their jobs much harder .
Their should also be an adult with you if entering into the room .
The adult must be @NUM1 or older .
If a child is found in their aloun , the workers of the library will contact the childs parents as a @NUM2 offinse .
The same thing goes for the second time your caght .
The @NUM3 time you are caught , you will get a phone call to your parents and baned from the librery for @NUM4 mounths .
If you live in a big city , you @MONTH1 have bigger better libraries .
Some libraries have so many books , that you might have to get a cherrie picker to reach them .
I know im a little off topic now but it is part of what im going to talk about .
Their are massive libraries and small liebrareis .
Its almost like the difference between pre- school and college .
Now that is a big difference .
What i think the cities that have a bigger population should consist of two libraries side buy side .
The one on the left would be for todlers ranging from @NUM5 - @NUM6.this library will be buissy alot .
The library will consist of a day care so parents can look for a book in complet silence .
The cidren at the ages of @NUM7- @DATE1 will also be in the librarie on the left , but upstars.They will have books made just for their age ranges .
The will also be capabull of watch t.v .
or playing minor games that dont posses violents on the computer .
The librarie on the right will look like a duplicate of the one on the left but is completly different on the inside .
The reason the would do that is so kides would not try to get in because it looks cooler than the other .
Our children look up to us in lots of differnt ways .
Some @MONTH1 inlude coping our every move .
So when they see what you watch , listin to , and even read ; they might want to do that too .
Know what i think most of you have learned from this is how to keep your children same .
I dont mean like they are getting hurt or anything , but helps keep them grouing up and not knowing about things they shoiuldent at age @NUM8 .
So , once again , I would like to let you know that we can fix this .
We want to keep your children away from the bad things