There are all kinds of books , movies , and even magazines out there .
Most libraries have a huge selection for all types of readers or people who would like to watch a movie .
They could even have stuff that the young minds should not read .
Have you ever thought about what would happen if a little kid grabbed onto something that he/she was not supposed to read ?
When it comes to things like this , there is a huge range of topics .
Some of them are not supposed to be looked at until an older age .
Thats why I think there should be a certain section where only a certain amount of ages are allowed to go .
When it comes to books , there will always be some books that are not apporbiate for the young mind .
They could include multiple things that could scar a kid for life .
Some of the things that they might read are probably things that their parents would like to talk to them about later on in the future .
Books are great for learning , dont get me wrong , but there are some that are more adult related .
Now there are a ton of books that kids can read and parents won't need to worry about them reading .
Another way libraries can help is put the movies in a certain section .
The library could make a section called 'family and kids ' .
This section would hold a perfect spot where parents wouldn't have to worry about their kids getting the wrong ideas from movies .
In our library , we have this section .
My grandma and I would always go there and find an incredible family movie to watch together .
Finding a great family movie to watch is the best feeling ever .
Finally the last way a library could help is by making sure the child is old enough to check out a book or a movie .
Clearly a child of @NUM1 shouldn't check out a movie that is rated @CAPS1 , thats just wrong .
Libraries should make sure the child is at the correct age to check out the movie .
Thats why the movie companys rate movies , so they can give people heads up about whats good and bad about the movie .
Also the libraries should make sure a kid is checking out the apporbiate type of magazine or book .
The people that work there could look through it before and make sure its the right type of book they should read .
There are an infinte amount of ways we can protect the minds of young ones .
I dont think libraries should banned books , magazines , movies , or even music .
I think they should just make sure the kids are checking out what their allowed to read .
Books are a great way to learn things , but they should be learning about the stuff that is sustable for their age .
Libraries are there for us to learn and enjoy ourselves .
I believe people would get upset if they would banned the stuff they love .
They should just keep an eye out of what kids are looking at .
Thank you for your time .