The last thing I would want my children seeing in a @CAPS1 is offensive material .
a @CAPS1 is thought of as a learning zone .
Somewhere for people to learn about new things and expand their knowldge .
If there are dirty magazines , movies on sexuality , offensive music or inappropriate websites available to children it completely defeats the purpose of having a safe learning enviornment .
My opinion is that libraries should be used primarily for educational purposes .
That means that there should be appropriate books and magazines that are also age appropriate .
Computers are also a great resource but can contain many offensive material .
My standpoint on this issue is that the computers in the @CAPS1 should be monitored .
If someone wants to look up inappropraite images and websites , then they should do it on their own time , in the privacy of their own home .
It should not be allowed in public where innocent children will be exposed to it .
That isn't fair to the kids , and it isn't fair to the parents who have tried to protect them from that kind of suggestive material .
I 'm sure that there are many people out there that would disagree with my proposal .
However those @MONTH1 be the type of people who aren't morally structured as I , or those who don't have kids to look out for .
Or perhaps they just aren't as concerned about the issue .
They will argue that there is really no severe need for the computers to be monitored , or that they have blocked websites .
Yes , they @MONTH1 think that there is no real harm .
But that @MONTH1 just be because that is the way they were raised , causing them to think in that same respect .
With the magazines , some @MONTH1 argue that children will be exposed to suggestive material sometime , so why not now ?
But if everyone were to start thinking like this all morals would be forgotten .
In some cases morality might not be the issue at all .
In fact , religion might be the most important issue .
A lot of people are religious and their particular religion @MONTH1 be against looking at suggestive and 'unholy ' material .
Parents will not want to walk into a @CAPS1 with their children and find them starting at images that go against what they believe in .
They will think of it as losing their child's innocense .
Having these things out in the open and accessable to kids and teenagers could unintentionally send a message to them that indulging in sexual activities is acceptable when according to their religion it is not .
When I was a little girl I remember going to the @CAPS1 often with my mother to pick out books for school .
I distinctly remember seeing naughty magazines laying across a table as I was walking toward the children's section .
My mother was appauled that they had those laying out in the open like that , and especially right next to where the children's books were .
She complained to one of the librarians and asked that they please remove them .
The librarian apologized and agreed that the placement of the magazines was a little out of line .
Ever since then my mom has been a little sceptical and dreads going to that @CAPS1 .
I suppose that is why I am so involved in this issue and the reason for this informative article .
I did not write this to place blame on anyone or to judge people for their beliefs .
On the contrary , the purpose for my writing this was to inform general public of these issues and to explain my side of the arguement .
I don't see the reason of having these materials on hand at a @CAPS1 where almost anyone has access to them .
I do not understand the need for them to be obtainable at a @CAPS1 , or if there is a need at all .
I 'm hoping that by reading this I have opened the eyes of some concerned parents out there , or have at least made them aware of the matter .
Thank you for your time .
Sincerely , @PERSON1