How would you like it if someone took a book away from you , just because it had @CAPS1 language or nasty meaning ?
I mean of course there are certain books that should be censored , but in doing so you exclude @CAPS1 great novels from the past .
These novels were acceptable back then .
If you want to censor boks do so in your own library .
Personaly , I don't believe in the censorship of books .
It the author meant to write the book that way then the writing should stay that exact way .
Censoring destroys books and the learning curriculum of multiple students .
You would censor a school book if it had @CAPS1 graphic text between its covers .
There are tons of books that have bad language and perverse ideas .
These books were penned to educate our civilization .
If you take away those books , then you will be harming our societies ability to learn .
Books , I believe should not be offensive unless your a self-conscious person .
Reading a book is a delightful experience , it shouldn't be marred by censorships .
In my personal experience , I have had no problem reading a exquisit novel that has @CAPS1 minor graphic details .
I do not care if there is a explicit word in my reading .
Albeit , @CAPS1 neive persons have it in there will to remove offensive articles , not for public good , but for personal gain .
These offensive tactics are a disgrace to literature and culture .
@CAPS1 of the books writen in today's world are far less explicit then before .
Thus , we would be creating that unwanted barrier .
When the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 burned the @CAPS4 books , we almost lost a whole civilizations culture and literature .
This should never happen to today's literature .
If we censor the books in our libraries , then we will be loosing a certain aspect of our culture .
The censorship of the articles of reading in our libraries should be kept to personal libraries and only to personal libraries .
The libraries are public for a reason .
In conclusion , Censorship should not be placed in libraries because it disrupts the public literature .
If the books were meant to be read that way , then so be it .
We are not the destroyer of classic literature , and it should never come to that .