In my opinion , books that @MONTH1 seem offensive to someone should be kept on the shelf .
Meaning that people should be allowed to check them out in the library and read them even if some people think those books in particular are offensive , or @MONTH1 come off as offensive .
A person should be able to read an article without feeling like somone wrote that book , article , or magazine to be offensive .
Yes , but at the same time it is up to you , the reader , to pick a book that does and will not make you feel uncomfortable .
Do not pick a book to read that discriminates against football players if you are a football player , because most likely it is going to upset you , or make you uncomfortable .
Well say you want to read a book that discriminates against football players , and it does make you feel uncomfortable , do not take the book , and go complain to someone about how the book , or article makes you feel if you picked it out to begin with .
If it makes you uncomfortable , put the book , or article down .
No one is forcing you to read it or look at it .
People should be allowed to read whatever type of books they would like , and about anything that interests them .
Just because an article , or book is offensive to you , does not mean it is offensive to other people .
If we were to take all the books , articles , magazines off the shelfs of library's there would not be any books left for us to read because every book written offends at least one person .
Movies are a whole other issue in itself .
There are many types of movies , and within those types of movies are types of things people do in the movies to make it funny , scary , shocking , stupid , etc .
If you do not cuss and say you go watch ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' you are going to find it offensive because every other word they say is a cuss word .
If you do not like @CAPS4 people jump out of strange places and scare the crap out of you , then you are not going to watch ' @CAPS3 . '
@CAPS4 people find movies offensive or not to their liking the usually go and try to make a big deal out of it , and sue the people who made the movie .
You doing that is causing more trouble than it is actually worth .
The same thing with movies as books , if we were to take all the movies out of movie stores , and just stores in general that were offensive to at least one person in any way , we would not have any movies left to watch because at the end of the day ; there are tons of movies that would offend some people , and make them uncomfortable .
In conclusion , if you find a movie , song , book , article , or magazine that is offensive to you , get over it .
Keep that book or whatever it is out of your reach and in other peoples , because at the end of the day no one is going to help you sue an author , producer , or music production company because something they wrote , directed , or sung offends you .
In my opinion you should just read what interests you , watch what you like , and listen to the songs you usually listen to