Children all around the world find themselves wandering through the library every day .
These children are exploring the literature world to learn and grow .
The library @CAPS2 a wonderful place with many genres of literature such as children books , nonfiction books , fiction books , adult books , movies , etc .
There are certain genres for certain age groups , and there are a lot of materials in libraries that parents do @CAPS1 want their children to even hear the name .
I think that it @CAPS2 normal for parents to feel this way but it @CAPS2 @CAPS1 neccesary .
Children should have the right to explore the literature world however they want .
Reading different types of literature @CAPS2 a terrific way of learning and library shelves should @CAPS1 be stripped of the books occupying the space .
There are many different types of books , movies , magazines , and music on the shelves in a library .
These are all great forms of literature and a way of learning different things .
Although , there are a lot of parents who do @CAPS1 want there children 'exposed ' so such materials .
If a child want's to read a book , let he or she read it for crying out loud !
Parents might say that it @CAPS2 'corrupting ' their child but , books and music don't corrupt children , it's the environment and people around them that have said ability to cause such corruption .
It @CAPS2 a very normal thing for a parent to be protective of his or her child , but to a certain extent .
A parent @CAPS2 supposed to help their child grow and learn right from wrong .
They have every right to protect their child from dangers in the world , but @CAPS1 to keep them from learning the art of literature .
They 're @CAPS1 supposed to sheild their child from all the faults the world has , even if it @CAPS2 a book .
Literature in every form @CAPS2 a great way of learning .
Libraries shouldn't have to strip the shelves of wonderful books crated in the literature world for one's entertainment or learning .
If a child want's to read a book they should have every right to read that book .
They should be able to explore however they desire .