Libraries , they are everywhere and all together they contain millions of books that influence everyone who reads them .
Whether a book is being read about @PERSON1 or the @CAPS1 there is always something influential to be read .
Some books have more adult themes or references to certain subjects which most adults find inappropriate for readers of certain ages .
The question is , is it a good idea for those books that are now being censored to be taken off the shelves ?
In personal opinion ; yes those types of books are influential , yes it is possible that it could negatively effect the youth of @DATE1 , but everyone has the right to read what interests them .
Being influential is one of the main priorities of most reading materials .
There is a point to be proven or a side story to be shared within most books .
Is this a bad thing ?
Is it 'bad ' to explain a point of view or to explain a life experience ?
No , having experiences is only half the point of living ; sharing it is the rest .
The @ORGANIZATION1 explains one of the more major downfalls in @LOCATION1 and how it brutally effected the people struggling for life and money .
Twilight shows the softer side of love and that anyone can be happy if they set their hearts on someone .
These are not only experiences but things to ponder upon , and losing these factors in life would be a horrible mistake .
The youth of @DATE1 is portrayed in mostly a negative light .
Whether they are considered monsters or maybe even the devils offspring ; our youth need influences .
Reading is one of the major sources of inspiration for students to grow and prosper .
Most students find reading to be boring .
In school you are not offered what you want to read .
Lists are made , and guidelines are created so that only certain things are read and taught .
Young adults need creativity and books are there to shine a light on their eager minds .
Taking away the books students and young adults are interested in is one of the many growing problems contributing to people not wanting to read .
Teachers , principals , business men , and even children deserve the right to reading what they like .
If you were a sports major and suddenly the population decided sports journals and sports themselves were too harmful and badly influential to people ; what would you do when suddenly everything sports related was taken away ?
You would lose your career .
Romance novelists use sensual or even sexual experiences to convey something everyone has trembling inside their minds .
Taking away something that is related to something so natural in every day life would have severe reprocussions ; especially for those who greatly enjoy those books .
Revoking the rights to the literary works of thousands of authors would also take away an intellectual culture that is conveyed .
Influencing people to think about things that are viewed by everyone is not a bad thing when it can be used to inspire people in their lives .
Just because someone is a student or a child doesn't mean that a literary work could rot their mind .
Taking away something that can contribute to the every day art of life would slowly create a less creative , inventive , and inspired world .
Not everyone believes that certain books are bad , and i , am one of those thousands of people .