Should materials such as books , music , movies , magazines and etc.
, be removed from sheleves if they are found offensive ?
Should them magazines and etc.
, but put up in a place for that age group ?
Should them type of things but in the @CAPS1 with children ?
Should they be in @CAPS1's period ?
I thing that the @CAPS1 should have all type of books in there because that's what a @CAPS1 is for .
But I do think that if people are finding it offensive to have them type of books open to children they should ask the @CAPS1 to change how they have the books .
But I also think the @CAPS1 should put them book up in a part were they have adult things and book at .
Because them type of book isn't made for children eyes .
The @CAPS1 should put people ages on the @CAPS1 cards so that this want be a problem to the poeple or the @CAPS1 .
Because then you would no how old they are .
And only @NUM1 years of age can she the books and magnizines , etc.
, that isn't right for young children eyes .
But I Do think that it is offensive to people that have young children and there children are reading it .
And it is offensive to the people that just dont like what the book , music and magazines stand for .
One thing I don't agree on is that books should be taking off the shelves because there are so people that comes to the @CAPS1 just to read them books .
And the people who read them books are going to be upset that you took the books off the shelves .
Because me personal I like the magnizes , books , music and the movies and I don't find nothing offensive about them .
And I like the movies to because it gives me somthing to do and watch when I am at home .
I also think that the movies and music is something we all love that's in the @CAPS1 .
Because it give me and my friends something to do after school .
So if you take away the thing we like what will we have to do after school when we go to the @CAPS1 .
And the thing's that was named make the @CAPS1 so fun an peaceful .
The @CAPS1 is a place were you can come and whine your day down .
With out them thing there trying to take of the shelves it's going to be boring .
People who don't have nothing to do doing the day come to the @CAPS1 and look for that offensive stuff .