Do I believe that certain materials , such as books , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive ?
I understand that some parents wouldn't want their kids reading a book about drugs or watching a movie about gangs , but libraries shouldn't have to remove them from their shelves .
There is not one movie , book , or magazine where everyone will approve of it .
Just because a couple of people find it offensive doesn't mean they should have the power to determine what materials libraries have or don't have on their shelves .
One reason why I believe certain items shouldn't be removed from a library just because a couple of people find it offensive is because what Katherine Paterson said in her quote .
She is saying if there was a book a couple of parents didn't want their kids to see and they were to complain and have the right to remove it from the libraries shelf .
Then sooner or later , more and more parents will be coming in complaining about a different book , movie , or magazine every other day .
Soon , there wouldn't be any books , movies , magazines in the library .
Another reason why I believe we should have no say in what items libraries hold is this .
As you know , there is many different cultural familes living in the @LOCATION1 .
Some people say bibles should be allowed in libraries .
Half the population agrees on that statement , the other half thinks that is ridiculous and they 're thinking how they would even suggest doing such a thing .
How would a library handle this situation .
If we gave people the right to decide what was held in libraries .
There would be a group of people walking in there and saying they don't believe in @CAPS1 so they must take those bibles off the shelf before their children read it .
Then , as soon as the believers in @CAPS1 hear about it .
They would come to that library and complain about them actually taking that off the shelves .
There would be no way in pleasing everyone , so the libraries should be able to put whatever they want on their shelves .
My third and final reason why I think the public should have no say in this matter is if libraries were forced to take items off their shelves just because a couple people complain about certain books or movies .
Then why couldn't people do that at restaurants , or movie rental business , or outlet stores with clothes they don't approve .
If it was to happen to one business , then it should happen to every business and in my perspective .
The only person who should have the say in what they have in their store/library is the person who is paying for it and that is the owner .
It's their responsibility to know what's too far concerning movies or books , etc .
The public has to accept those choices .
You have to look at it from their view .
Would you want them to come into your business and start complaining and then you are forced to get rid of that item because of them .
It's just not the right way to handle things .
After reading all those opinions of mine , I would hope that you see where I 'm coming from and you see that it just wouldn't be humane to do that .
It's never been that way and it should never be that way .
Obviously parents don't want their kids to see things inappropiate .
But it's not our say and we just have to face the fact that's the way it should be