Today , we live in a world where there are many different political , religious and personal views ; and with time , these views are only going to become more varied and more wide spread .
Unfortunately , it is not always easy to cater to every single persons individual takes on the world .
When it comes to libraries , it is even harder to have different books for all the different opinions that will not offend people with other opinions .
Let's take @LOCATION1 for example .
There are many different races and people with different religions living here .
This is a place that has already been through a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and has fought against racism and slavery .
Although these are things that our country has overcome , there are still going to be arguments and disagreements over these problems .
When there are different opinions , there are always going to be different books out there about the same topic from multiple points of view .
As the readers of these books we need to know what point of view this is coming from and not choose a book that goes against our personal beliefs .
This is where the offensiveness comes from .
We live with many different people and we need to understand that not everyone is going to have the same views on life that we do .
When I was in eighth grade , I was @CAPS6 @ORGANIZATION1 with some friends .
One of them was pulling her eyes back ( like someone would do if they were imitating an @CAPS3 person ) because they were itchy .
A very pregnant @CAPS3 @CAPS5 woman walked in and took offense to my friends eye movements .
She yelled @CAPS6 us and said , ' I would have thought your parents raised you better than that . '
@CAPS6 first , we did not understand what this woman was talking about until we realized that our friend had been pulling her eyes back .
This showed us that different people can take offense to different things because of their heritage .
There is nothing we can do about the expanding cultures in our country .
We can not change the views of certain people in order to match those of our own beliefs nor can we change the fact that all the different people are going to voice their opinions and view them as 'right ' .
However , we can change the way that we view these people .
We need to understand that there is no 'right ' when you are dealing with multiple opinions .
@CAPS6 this point we need to embrace everyone else for who they are and what they believe because there is nothing we can do to change those beliefs .
So next time you pick up a book @CAPS6 the library , read the summary and check to see that the author agrees with you before you take the book home or there are going to be disagreements in your views .
If you get a book and you don't agree with it or if you are offended by it , there is no one to be mad @CAPS6 but yourself for not checking to see the author's stance on the topic before you started reading it