I strongly feel that every book was created for people to read and gain knowledge , on what every aspect of what the book is .
If your children are looking at things they should not be looking at , you should keep you child away from that section .
Every person has a different style of book's that they like to read , they should not have to lose those book's because children are looking at things their not supose to .
What would be the point in a library if you can not have certain materials in side it .
My view on censorship in libraries would have to be that those bad sections should be off limits to childeren .
All libraries are divided up in to different sections like ; fiction , non- fiction , fantasy , children's books .
Those sections were created for a reason .
If people choose to let their children read books then that is fine with me .
Although those parents that do not approve of this can go to a different library .
I feel that if that one parent complains and no one else has that they should not be allowed in that library anymore .
I do not beleive that certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc should be excluded from a library .
Just because , a person does not appreciate their child picking up a book they should not have .
I feel that parents should be responsiable for what their kid's are looking at , and not make libraries take books off their shelves .
Everything from books to movies were put in the libraries for educational reasons .
Their should be laws that say those things are put into a library for a certain reason , and if customers do not like that they can go some where's else .
My own experience being a volunteer at a local library is that there are many things that were put into a libray for a reason .
Every movie , book , and magazine have information about something that you @MONTH1 want to know .
Books are put in libraries for people's pleasure and love for reading .
All those types of books are made from people that find excitement in reading .
Movies at a library are put their for educational reason like : to teach kids to count , and to learn something about a certain topic .
Magazines could just be in a library for people to read and relax , and learn something new in the world .
I really feel that parent's should watch what their children are reading , you should think the same .
Library's should not have to remove books from their shelves that have been there for a really long time .
Materials like movies , books , magazines , and music should never be taken away from a library .
What would be the point in having a library around if you could not go check a book , movie or cd out that interest's you .
After reading this should feel the same , that certain thing should not be removed from a library because parent's do not know how to watch their children