I believe censorship is necessary .
If all of the kids in the world grew up listening to hardcore gangster rap and watching porn @DATE1 we would have shiftless and violent leaders tomorrow .
It's inmportant that we are held back some what by these offensive outlets in order that we grow into mentally healthy adults .
However , censorship can go to far .
When it comes to the removing an author's work from a public library altogether , we have crossed the line .
With the @CAPS2 given us by our founding fathers , our @CAPS2 given to us at birth , and the duty we have to express our opinion , I submit that it is a crime to remove the hardwork of authors and artists from the shelves .
Of course the first point of argument that comes to mind to defend my postion is the fact that we are all given a legal right to express oursleves through the @NUM1 amendment of our @CAPS1 of @CAPS2 .
The writers of this @CAPS1 were aware that freedom of creativity should not be held back from the people .
That law still exists @DATE1 and has been used many times to defend people arguing to keep their work , their words , and their ideas out in the world .
As far as I know , taking any form of media , book , or entertainment away from the general public would be illegal .
Still , even with this point made , some @MONTH1 not be convinced that we are allowed to say what we want .
A man by the name of @PERSON4 comes to my mind when asked about censorship in the media .
@PERSON4 was a musician , composer , writer , public speaker , and human @CAPS2 activist .
I think many people believe him to be a bit too wild and deranged to be a convincing argument .
@PERSON4 was known to be a firm athiest and secular humanist ( one who believes that there is nothing more important than the physical human body ) , but he gave the same argument I 'm giving @DATE1 , and I 'm a catholic .
@PERSON4 spoke out against censorship , saying that it was a way to judge artists on their work when it wasn't even listened to fully .
If someone as convincing and passionate as @PERSON4 could feel that way when he didn't even believe in a @CAPS4 , then everyone should see that the human race , whether they believe in a @CAPS4 or not , is given the right for their creation to be revealed .
In some cases , it's necessary and needed for people to show their ideas to the public .
@PERSON1 , @PERSON2 , @PERSON3 even , and the list goes on .
These people , although from different worlds and different times and different people , were all avid believers in the @CAPS2 of humans .
Imagine if @CAPS3 had just said , ' I don't think people want to hear me so I 'll just stop and let someone else take over for a little bit . '
Do you think the world would by as amazing and of intergrated as a place ?
The point is , we never know how great and life-changing someone's point of view could be .
Whether it's leading a civil @CAPS2 movement , or attempting to bring peace to a world that needs it the most , censorship might be the one thing from stopping the people from seeing the most influential person that they need .
In fact , we are all called to share our ideas .
It's our duty to make sure people see the world not only from their view , but from the view of a poor homeless man , and from a single mother of five , and from a kid in elementary school , and from a rebellious teenager .
The world might not be ready for change , but it needs it .
Who's right is it to judge an artist's work ?
Some call him @CAPS4 , some call him the man , and others call him the government .
It's hard getting your work acknowledged by someone , let alone a whole nation .
However , that doesn't mean we are to just give up .
Censorship in public places is a crime against the law , nature , and our inaliable @CAPS2 , and it's our job to go out into the world to create a new one .