Censorship is just another way to take knowledge from another person or a society .
Wanting to take and hide even the smallest of discreet history , politic corruption , and inappropriate sights to a generation can turn them all ignorant and unaware of their past , present , and possibly future .
Censorship is extremely dangerous to a soceity because it leaves them vulnerable to the future .
For example , if people tried to censor @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and many other environmentalist around the globe of the @CAPS3 @CAPS4 possibility , then the world would not be able to have the chance to stop or at least slow the upcoming disaster by going green .
Instead , we would most likely die a few hundred years before that deadline .
Also , maybe if more people knew about @PERSON2's censorship of his oil distribution among the @LOCATION2 ( during his presidency ) people might have at least discussed of impeachment .
Try to think how the future would have been if racism , terrorism , wars , or even an event like the holocaust were censored .
That could be taken as brainwashing !
Even though that @MONTH1 cause peace and happiness around the world , we still would know nothing of our history leaving us historically , unintellilectual .
Then think of all the sudden problem it would cause if that information was suddenly found .
In the book series of 'The @CAPS5 ' by @PERSON1 , a city has been isolated from their past , who they call 'the @CAPS6 ' , and they are basically brainwashed to think that they almost destroyed the world by war and destruction by the new government and their new technology .
Luckily , in our own era I do not believe we are censored from most things except of course politics going on between other countries .
For example , the @LOCATION1 bin @CAPS7 killing was nothing of anyones awareness except the @CAPS8 of @ORGANIZATION1 , military , and @CAPS9 .
That was a thoughtful choice from @CAPS10 as well instead of announcing it on @NUM1 news .
I 'd rather of coursebe notified about my history , because it's interesting and it shows why things are now .
Books like 'To @CAPS11 a @CAPS12 ' or ' @PERSON3 ' should never be taken off shelves for young pupils or old matures .
Although it would seem a bit more offensive to hearing a historical racist cocasian singing about negroes than a racist book , I would always be interested in hearing about it .
Censorship should definitely be illegal itself in libraries , @CAPS13 stores , and any other selling stores of books , music , movies , and/or magazines .
Although , I have not heard of any recent censorships , but then again should I not be able to ?
It is censorship ..