Books in libraries are available to everyone , so who's job is it to decide which ones are appropriate and which are not ?
This is a very controversial topic .
On one side , parents are worried about what their children have access to at local libraries .
They believe libraries shouldn't contain any books that might be found offensive .
On the other hand , whose job is it to decide what is offensive and what is not ?
If people are given the right to remove books that they think are not appropriate , eventually libraries will have so few books that it would be worthless to even get a library card .
I believe that it is the job of parents and other adults to teach a child morals and what is right and wrong .
If kids have developed morals and values , parents wouldn't have to worry so much about what they 're checking out of the local library .
Kids are faced with issues of right and wrong everyday , and parents should learn to trust that their child is making the right decision .
As a teenager , I know that people have access to far worse things on the internet than in libraries .
If people begin to censor libraries , surely they will begin to censor the internet , and the idea of freedom of speech will be thrown out the window .
People have a right to be heard and share their opinions , and who has the right to say that a person's opinion doesn't matter ?
In my opinion , the act of removing books from a library says just that .
Just a few months ago I had to write a research paper about the @PERSON1 , and in order to find information about the topic , I had to check out books from the library .
Some of the information I read about the topic was horrible and very offensive , but I couldn't have written my paper without it .
Books in libraries have information that is vital , whether the books are offensive or not .
Books can be used to teach people lessons on what is right or wrong .
By being educated about even the most offensive things , people can learn from them and form their beliefs .
Removing offensive books from libraries will not lessen the chance that someone's child will run across the information that they contain .
There are many sources for information , offensive or not , and a library is just one of them .
People are responsible for their decisions , and it is each individual's choice on what they choose to read , watch , or listen to .
We are faced with choices everyday .
Should we watch a movie even though we know it's inappropriate ?
Should we listen to a song even though it gives off a bad message ?
Checking out a book from the library requires the same decision .
Each person must choose what is right , and it is not our job to tell others what they can and can't do .