Books are pieces of art .
Authors are artists .
Writing is a form of expression .
In the @CAPS1 it grants freedom of expression .
I do not think we should deny anyone that freedom .
I do not believe books or any other form of art should be removed from the shelves of libraries .
I understand that parents do not want their children seing or hearing certain things .
People want to keep children neive , they want them to stay innocent .
The thing they have to understand is that children need to grow up .
They will be curious .
They will want to know .
They will want to see the world .
You can not hide things from them .
I believe in what @PERSON2 , my favorite musician , once said ' @CAPS2 covering your childrens eyes ... ' The world can be a bad place and you want to protect them from that , but it can also be beautiful .
There is so much that children , and just normal people would miss out on if we took down every thing that someone said was 'offensive ' .
Also there is the question of , what is offensive ?
Who decides ?
Where do we draw the line ?
Like Katherine Paterson said , soon we would have no books left on our shelves .
Because everyone has a different oppinon .
People can find the most innocent things offensive .
If you do not want your children reading or hearing certain things , then tell them so .
Do not ruin it for other people .
To each his own .
Different people like different things .
Something that would be offensive to you could very well be beautiful to someone else .
'
@CAPS3 mans trash is another man's treasure . '
Books , music , movies , they are all art .
People have the right to express themselves .
We already censor so much .
I think when you cencor things it takes away from the original .
If you do not perticularly like something , then it is your choice to not read it .
It is your choice to not listen to it .
You can choose for your children , but you can not choose for others .
People have a right to do what they want .
People have a right to do what makes them happy .
They have a right to read , watch , or listen to what makes them happy .
They have a right to create what makes them happy .
You have no right to take that away from someone .
Books do not kill people .
Music does not kill people .
They can make you uncomfortable .
They can even make you sick or angry , but they do not harm anyone .
People make decisions .
People control their own actions .
Books , videos , art , does not harm people .
All in all , I do not believe any books , music , movies , or any other forms of art should be romoved from the shelves .
There could be age limits for certain things , or specific sections for more adult things , but I do not believe any @CAPS3 should have the choice to decide what is right for someone else .
You can shelter your children if you would like .
You can avoid things you find offensive .
But please do not take away an oportunity for another .
A wonderful book , or a life-changing peice of music could be taken away from someone , because you found it 'offensive ' .