Should we have censorship in our libraries ?
This is a question that both sides can argue with creditable facts .
However , censhorship is mostly defined as not allowing certain items or things to be seen or heard of until a mature age .
How can you tell when someone is of a mature age ?
Maturity lies behind one's self to cope with various thoughts , ideas , actions , etc .
Censorship should be allowed to an extent .
Censhorship plays a big role in society today .
It has changed the content on our television from @NUM1 years ago to modern day .
The government is more leniant today then they were @NUM1 years ago .
On television @NUM1 years ago , you would never hear a sware word , or see a couple sleep in the same bed .
Now , some sware words are considered okay , because people can handle them .
It is like they are part of our daily vocabulary now .
Censorship has changed a lot .
Books of all sorts should be allowed to children and adults of all ages .
Certain literature provides a cornucopia of topics and subjects to be helpful to a processing brain .
We learn and understand at different rates .
Some books with 'adult content ' @MONTH1 be suitable for more intelligent minds .
Authors sometimes put in so-called 'adult content ' to add suspense and drama towards the bigger picture or message behind their work .
Books help the mind to expand and gain a higher standard of learning .
Movies are differnent .
Some movies have sexual content that our youth should not see .
Most magazines have the same principles as movies do .
They are both rated differently on levels of age .
Therefore , we can protect their innocence and fellow youth .
Music is healthy to the mood of a person .
Music should not be censored .
People just have different tastes in music .
Some @MONTH1 be fond of other genres and some @MONTH1 dislike the other genres .
There is a wide array of music that people can enjoy .
There is no way to censor the universal language that music provides .
Censorship should come down to what the adult allows for the kid to see and hear .
Censorship of books is not fine , but censorship of movies and magazines are acceptable .
Music , however , can not be censored .
The lyrics and sounds speak to many people in strange ways .
It is all helpful in the end .
Everyone should have the right to watch , read , or listen to whatever they want .
It all comes down to learning , and there is no censorship on learning .
So , please do not censor our libraries .
Allow the adults to censor what should be censored in their families