How would you feel if someone told you that you couldn't have certain food in your fridge that sence its bad for your health or they might think it taste bad .
You would not be too happy about it .
Well its the same thing when people want to censor the libraries .
When people try to censor the libraries they try to take out books that are 'offensive ' .
If someone that likes those kind of books and they are being taken off .
Its unfair for that person because they are being limited on what they can get from the libaries .
Libaries are soppose to be a place where you can get books or magazines that you like to enjoy but they cant do that because people are trying to cencor the books .
The people that want to cencor certain books say that they might offensive not only to them but they could also for the kids .
Well I say to that , you don't have to bring your kids to that section .
You don't have to read those books you can just leave them alone for the people that like reading them .
To the people that want to cencor certain books what makes a book offencsive ?
Whos to say if that is offensive or not ?
The two views are differnt just because one person thinks its offensive doesnt mean another person thinks the same .
My opinion is leave the books there and let people enjoy the books they like to read .
No book is bad every book does good for you because it builds your education , it could also be a stress reliever , and something you like to do on your free time .
The people that are getting cheated out on the books they like because they are being cencored .
What if the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 series got cencored because of the magic.To some people that might be an offensive book and if that book was taken off the shelve we would lose one of the greatest books and @CAPS3 of people would be upset .
So the way I see it everyone should be entitled on what books they can choose .
To the people that don't like certain books just leave them there you don't like to read them thats fine .
Everyone is entitled to there rights like Katherine Paterson said 'You have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for an of us ' So we should all get to read what we enjoy to read , cause reading is endless