Books should be removed only if they are found a certain degree of offensive .
Some other books , though , are meant for educational use and not meant to offend anyone .
People sometimes take it too seriously .
Many books have posed a great educational source for many years .
Books have been around for a very long time .
People many years ago used to read books on scrolls , or even in pictures to tell stories .
Stories have been around for a very long time and are meant to be stories , not criticised pieces of work to put down other people .
There are a lot of books , however , that have been meant to put other people down .
These books I agree should be taken off the shelves since they might promote people to turn on certain races .
A good book that demonstrates it is not putting others down but sounds like it might is 'To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 ' .
This book has been intended for people to read it and learn of the life back when there was slavery or , a time just after slavery but where people did not respect the newly freed men .
Another book that tells of times during slavery is 'The @CAPS3 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' .
This book tells of a young boy that runs away to live his old life and meets up with a runaway slave named @PERSON1.This book has been meant to tell of what slaves would be punished by if they were caught .
Many other books exist as these .
But I guarentee that over ninety percentile of books are meant to be used for educational purposes due to the context they have been used in .
Most people will take books the wrong way , but that is only because they are afraid that they will be judged , just as the book was judged by its cover .
I have read many books over the past couple years , and I find that many of the books that I read have proved to be educational to me .
There are some books though , that I agree should be taken off the shelves due to them being over the top on offensive .
Censorship has a job to protect us from many unnerving topics and I agree that certain books should be taken off the shelves .
But , I think that sometimes , places go over the top with censorship and should let certain people decide which books are right for a place , as well as movies .
The world is maturing , even as everyone speaks , and people are learning all the time .
There should be some censorship in public places , but only on over-the-top topics where authors have written about an issue that will offend many people