'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
wrote by Katherine Paterson .
If you think about it when you go into a library there is a ton of books to choose from .
But how many do you think is appropiate for every age and including children , not very many .
That is why they have sections for the books , but there are times people are rude and mix them up on purpose .
How many times have you been in a library and find a misplaced book ?
Many of times right , that can be accidental or on purpose .
I know if I took my child or children to a libraby and they got a book that was inappropiate for them , I would take it to the front desk and complain about that book .
Now if it was a book that has been misplaced I would take it from them .
But , yes there are some books , magazines , movies , and music that should be removed from the libray .
I remember from when I was a little girl going into the library to check out books with my mom or my dad , it did not matter they both enjoyed taking me to the library .
They were pleased that I loved to read but , one day my mom took me to get books from the library , she did not think about looking at the books I got until we got home and she realized on of my books had a cursing word in it .
She was not happy at all , I had no clue what she was doing .
But I figured it out , she grabbed me by my hand and took me to the car .
She fastened me in and off we went , back to the library .
She had no problem going off and complaining , I can remember her every word she said it sounded like this .
'
@CAPS1 , my name is @LOCATION2 and this is my daughter @PERSON2 she is six years old .
We were just her about an hour ago , but you want to know the funny reason we are back .
Well if you can give me a funny reason for why my six year old daughter has a childs book from here with cursing in it .
Please speak up and explain I would love to hear it . '
The lady at the front desk was stunned she has never had someone go off on her for the seven years she had worked there .
But the book is no longer in the @LOCATION1 library , I can not remember the title of this book , I just know that with a mom like mine she can get something done .
Just like Katherine Paterson said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work I abhor- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
I can tell you from experience and observation , you can do and get what ever you want with a little power and persausion .
It @MONTH1 cause trouble but just set your mind to it and you can help and solve problems when you do set your mind to it