When you have children would you want to shield them from something you think is wrong , even though it goes on in the world around you every single day ?
Today in society even though we have freedom of speech the government has come up with something to even conflict that , censorship .
One thing about censorship is that it is just a way the government can control what everyday people say , hear , listen to , read , or even see in today's society .
We shouldn't be controlled on what we can or can't read , watch , or listen to .
I have experienced these things almost on a daily basis if it isn't on the radio it's on television .
When someones words get beeped out for saying something vulgar or innapropriate .
The second thing about censorship is that no matter what it is , where it is , or even who it is someone will always have a problem with it .
Just recently in one of my own classes we read an article about a very popular chldren's and young adult's film and a school tried to ban its books from its library because it dealt with sorcery .
Most of every person I know that has read those books knows that sorcery isn't real .
Why do people find it necessary to do things like that ?
I think most people just view something that could be entertaining to one person as completely disgusting and disturbing , just because it is a little bit different , I find that as unique not bad .
The third thing is no matter what public libraries shouldn't be censored .
Everyone views things differently and they all have different tastes in music , literature , and films .
Just because someone likes something someone else @MONTH1 find vulgar doesn't mean they should just be able to remove that from the library's public shelves .
After all the library is public and I put a great deal of stress on it being public because every person in the world today are all different .
Today in society even though we have freedom of speech the government has come up with something to even conflict that , censorship .
Leaving off on a lighter foot , whether it is purple or green , or old or new , someone will always be able to find something wrong with it .
I 'm sorry to today's society for not being able to realize that most of its problem is trying to control everything that everyone does