Libraries have no right in my mind to decide what is offensive and what isn't .
Libraries shouldn't have the view on censorship the people who rent or buy the items should .
The @CAPS1 has an idea of what is offensive but they shouldn't be able to make that decision .
If the @CAPS1 wants buisness they should try to make sure the customers are happy .
Libraries should take surveys of what everyone wants .
Not all the people in the world have the same idea of what is a offensive book , magazine , movies , music , etc .
The different views of people can vary from a lot to none at all .
If the people feel that they are that offensive then they should bring it up with the @CAPS1 and find a solution instead of getting rid of these items .
A safe but easy solution would be to create a section just for offensive items the @CAPS1 or people claim them to be .
Another possible solution would be to jus rearrange the area's of the books into to main category's such as offensive and none offensive , and then break it down into their specific categorys .
So the libraries need to have a survey showing what items the people think are bad and the librarys opinions and then go on from there .
The surveys could be made up of a paper one you fill out in the @CAPS1 to it's online website .
The survey would have a list of books , movies , magazines , and music that people could check off .
Now the @CAPS1 needs money to keep books and other items in stock and so they can repair them if necessary .
So if the @CAPS1 feels that a book is offensive they shouldn't have the right to censorship .
All these books have been in libraries for this amount of time why change it now .
Think about it if it was offensive why did they put it into the @CAPS1 in the first place .
So in conclusion the @CAPS1 should have know right to censorship books , movies , magazines , music , or any other item they have .
This would cost time and money which they don't have .
Customers could possibly stop comming in because of the change which would be a loss of money .
Now everyone knows a big loss of money could hurt any buisness and possibley bankrupt them , or could take weeks , months , or even years to recover and no buisness wants that .
So the easy way to make sure that doesn't happen jus leave everything the way it is