PARENTS @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 I believe that certain materials should not be shown .
But then some books are not offensive too everybody , so it would be unfair if all books were removed from libraries .
I can relate too @CAPS2 discovering books that's not educational for them .
It's up too the parents too show their @CAPS2 what too read and what not too read .
This can also happen with movies , certain movies that @CAPS2 can and can't watch .
The reason I say this is because if it was up too @CAPS2 on their own too decide what they would want too do , it would usually be negative results .
Thats what parents are for .
I was young myself and I had experienced this too at one point .
The type of movies I watched , I thought they were pretty cool , but I was too young too realize what I was watching and what I was trying too do from a movie .
I had too learn from my parents that the things I were doing was not rational .
Then I realize that I was making mistakes .
It was nothing cool about it .
friends had told me that as well .
So i figured out the hard way .
I don't want any @CAPS2 to experience that .
Not all parents can stop all @CAPS2 from discovering some disburbing things from books , music , magazines and all .
What I 'm trying too say that it can be reduced .
Some parents can prevent it from happening .
somethings can get in sink too a @CAPS2 brain and it could never be helped or solved .
These things are serious and some people don't take it likely .
And thats where it takes effect .
Its up tookids parents or role models to show that some things are'nt meant for them too see until the right time .
I 'm not telling parents to trap their @CAPS2 from the world .
What I 'm saying is that parents should let them know that their going to witness some things .
They just have to be prepared too see them and hopefully it does'nt take a negative impact on them .
Hopefully they would be smart enough too tell what's right from wrong .
Its up too the parents to assist their @CAPS2 .
Its up too the @CAPS2 too know whats good for them .
I do believe that some @CAPS2 are capable of growing out of some events they learned from movies , too know that they were young , because I grew out of that myself .
And if I can do it , so can they .
Its not impossible .
One good thing is that some @CAPS2 grow up in a positive community to know not read disturbing books/magazines , or watch disturbing movies .