Do I think that certain materials that are offensive to other people be removed from the libraries ?
In my opinion I say no to this question .
I say this because another person in the library might like the certain material that you feel offesive by .
I don't think certain things that are offensive to one person should be removed .
It can be an enjoyment to read to the next person .
In the follow paragraphs I will continue to support more of my answer .
A library is built for other people enjoyment .
If a person finds somthing offensive to them I don't think they should get mad because it wasn't put there to hurt you maybe the person that wrote the book went threw the same excat thing you did .
Most write books , create music , and produce movies to express themselves .
They put things out there like that because they could encourage someone else .
Personally I have never found a book , song , or movie to be offensive to me .
I know that that the person writing the book wasn't tlking to me so I don't see why I have the right to get upset and that goes for everybody else .
Most people who find things offensive in a library are always looking at the bad side of the situation .
There is always a good side to every situation .
Having a good and positive attitude you should see the brighter side of things .
Most magazines that you read @PERCENT1 of it is talking about celebraties , so that really should'nt have nothing to do with you unless you so in love with that celebraty and just have to say sumthing about it .
Other than that it's none of your concern .
Music is a way of expressing ones self in ther own way .
A person shouldn't feel offended because a song writer wants to express him or herself .
What if that's the only way they know how to express themselves .
It's like your saying I don't want them to express themselves because it offends me .
What if somebody didn't like the way you express yourself and wanted you to stop .
I 'm pretty you wouldn't like that .
In my conclusion I feel nothin should be removed from the library because it is offensive to someone .
Certain things are put there for certain people .
Nobody likes the same thing .
How I put it , if it offensive somebody oh well I wasnt put ther to offend you on purpose .