Have you ever picked up a book , video , or music from the self and wondered why is this here , it's not a well thing for our younger kids to read , watch or listen to .
I think that we should pluck out these types of books on our shelf at our libaray to better our community for our kids and their kids .
We have all the right to voice our opion on things that we think should and shouldn't be in our libaray .
Books that promote sexual activity , killing people , using or taking drugs , and other harmful things , which isn't the best for our kids to read , listen to , or watch should be removed from our libaray shelf .
Have you ever noticed how are crime rate and drug rate has went up in the past few years ?
These types promotes are in some of our books , videos , and other media .
If we remove the videos , books , and other media that promote this kindof behavior we would have less of this type of crimes going on .
I don't believe we would have all this crimes going on if we would remove this type of media because we all have a person we want to be like in a song or tv show or even in a book so we follow what they do , if they promote crime you try to act like them .
We as humans follow the actions of others weither we think about it or not .
Music also plays a big roll in this to , music containing bad laguage or promoting someone to take drugs or kill people , has been proven to play with our minds .
Would you as a parent want to see your kid raised up in a community that promotes sex , drugs , kill people , and other things that we shouldn't do ?
There's music we all like out there , we listen to what we like so that being , if we like rap for explain , if it promotes killing we are more likely to follow that action in the song because your mind thinks it's self out of it being a crime to kill cause you like rap music so it must be okay .
We @CAPS1's in our community believe that we should abstian our selfs from this kindof behavior and we don't see to many drugs , killings , or sexual activity .
The bilbe teaches us to stay away from things that promote drugs , killing , or sexual activiy , thus we don't see much of these behavoirs in a @CAPS2 home or community .
@CAPS4 are more better off then lot's of us weither we want to aceppt that or not .
They live a life after @CAPS3 , which don't promote all these behavoirs .
and I know that @CAPS4 would be more willing to take out these type of media in our libaray .
You can sit for one whole day and watch the actions of @CAPS4 and how they act they don't act like normal people as far as into drugs and stuff like that , only because they abstain their selfs from media that promotes sex , killing , and drugs .
Now , if you want to help us make our community a better place for your kids and their kids , let's remove the harmful media in our libaray that promotes sex , drugs , and killing .
I don't think you would want to see your kid doing drugs or killing people and messing up their lifes because you didn't help in removing this media .
Please help us better our community for our kids and their kids and the genrations to come after us .