Should materials that some people find offensive be removed from libraries ?
No I do not think that any materials should be removed from libraries .
A librarie should have lots of different kinds of books , magazines , music , and movies .
One reason I think that a librarie should have all sorts of different books is because everybody doesn't like to read the same thing .
Like for example some kids could love to read scary and gory books and others could like to read books about sports or love stories .
So maybe the kids that read sport books could be offended by all the gory books , but that wouldn't be fair to take them out of the librarie because some kids like to read gory books .
Another reason they shouldn't remove any magazines , books , etc , is because it is nice to get to read or look at different things .
People would get bored if their librarie only had books about war .
Kids need to learn how to read different kinds of stories .
Also if your librarie has all different kinds of magazines kids could learn a lot of interesting facts .
You can find a lot of amazing things in a magazine .
So if you only had four magazines about the same thing kids wouldn't discover anymore cool facts .
A librarie is a place where kids like to go and enjoy some peace and quiet and look and read different things .
So I think if you started taking specific things out of the librarie then I think kids would stop coming to the librarie .
A librarie contains awsome infromation that kids could learn , but if you start taking things out then not that many kids will come to the librarie because they will not be learning @CAPS1 new .
So if I had any say in this I would keep all things in the librarie .
I would not remove @CAPS1 !
You want people to come to your librarie so you dont want to do @CAPS1 that can jeperdize people coming to your librarie .
I think if you start removing things then your going to have less and less people come in and eventually maybe your librarie will get shut down because you have no buisness .
So leave everything on the shelves .