There a lot of things to life and sometimes we do need as much help as we can get .
Sometimes people will do anything to get help or go anywhere to find it .
Because when people feel lost it's the most scraest thing to a person .
So they turn to reading books , listening to music , watching movies , also looking and reading magazins .
But although thats not the best way you can go there times when you need to listen to your soul the most .
Now there was a time when know one knew how to read or even was a loud to read .
But now adays reading as taking over .
If you can read you can do anything , you could be the one to run to whole world one day if you read things right .
Books and magazins there are is not a big different between the two .
Books can take you mind off some where that you have never seen before and places like the wild , @LOCATION2 , @LOCATION1 , @CAPS1's , and high up and trees .
It teaches you @LOCATION1 thing but not every thing it teaches is good .
Books can lie about whats about to happen to the world .
Now magazing show you what all the starts are doing and how there living and what there house looks like and there money their begin home .
There one thing you have to understand you can't always get scraed and thing what you reading is right you have to read your mind it see what it says about what you just read .
When you hear your favtor song what do you or when you see your favtor movie ?
Do start dancing or do you cry when they break up , do you say I can sing like her or do you rein act the part in the movie .
These things can help you or make you think about things you shouldn't do to people or even to yourself .
Music can make you think about what your life has been throw or miss the person that has died because they listen to that one song so much .
Music can talk you in to killing yourself drive you crazy , hurt your soul when hear what someone else has been throw .
Its all about how you take the song when you first hear it and take the messages out of it .
Movies show history and show you want happens to people when they do the wrong things what will happen to them .
There could be a ican in the movie your watching and could want to be like him/her .
But not everyone you see you shouldn't want to be like them .
You have to be yourself at the end of the day .
Because you wake up looking at you everyday and love you everyday and take care of you everyday .
When it's all said and done you have to belive in yourself and not listen to what everyone is trying you .
Go with you soul .
Yes listening to it or read or even watching ir but just remember flow your deams and do what you love .
So thants what I thing about music , books , movie and magazing listen but don't listen at the same tim