In libraries there are some books , music , magaizines that are not very apporiate to put on shelves .
There are little kids that will want to look at anything they can get their hands on .
They are very mysterious when it comes to that .
There are bad books but there are also good books in the library .
If people found a book or any type of material in the library and found it offensive , then they should take it off the shelf .
There are children that look at anything they want or what they think looks interesting .
The library also should at least check what the book is about when it arrives at the library .
That way no one would have to worry about a material being offensive .
Movies should not matter really because there are a lot of bad movies but i dont think that people would find them offensive .
They dont have to watch it and neither do their children .
There is a lot of bad music .
I think there should be censorship on music because some music today is about drugs , alchoal , and violance .
People would not want to see that in their local library for their children to see .
I have seen on the news people get upset when they see something that they think is inappropiate for underage children .
I would get mad too because i dont want an underage child to be listening to that type of music .
Children now look up to these song writers and want to become them .
That is not a good thing at all .
All magazines can be offensive to people just by looking at the cover and who the cover person is .
Libraries would not put a inappropiate magazine on the shelves .
There are some magazines that they have but they are good magazines even for children to read .
I think that the libraries dont put offensive magazines out because they dont want any controversy .
People today have came out even more good magazines for anyone to read that is not inappropaite for anyone .
I think some people today dont realize that the library would want to offend anyone by putting those offensive magaizines , movies , books and music .
Putting censorship on those things would be a good thing because there are materials that are not good for small children to read or hear or watch .
The parents dont want their children looking up to a person who is involved in violence or drugs or alchoal .
Censorship would be they way to go on all those materials just to keep away contoversy and the children safe .