Throughout history their have always been those who have refuted the beliefs and ideals of others .
Whether that be in @LOCATION1 when statues were censored by removing anything deemed offensive by the @CAPS1 church or the mass burning of books to preserve ideals that could invalidated through the clear spoken text .
However this in not the @DATE1 , women are not looked down upon anymore , science is not dillouted , and ideas are free throughout the world with the internet .
So is it the libraries fault for providing uncensored content or is the parents fault , for not educating their children on the morality of such items ?
The modern library has very specific demographics for all items to which it posses .
Movies over @CAPS2 attract both parents and teenagers alike , the music entices the teenagers , and the books and prior two media sources attract younger children .
So how would it be fair to force a library to censor two of the things that earn the library the most money just so that kids don't read , watch or hear them .
Plus libraries generally don't let young kids check out @CAPS3 rated movies or parental advisory @CAPS4 .
Some people however argue that books are the most dangerous thing to children and young adults .
As books can raise ideas and strengthen them in a teens mind over the course of @NUM1 pages till parents end up with an anti-sematic teen with bad view on racism .
So then why would that be the fault of the library as it merely provided one book that should not have affected that teen so much , had that teen had solid moral beliefs instilled in him or her from their parents .
So if you find materials at a library offensive , or worry about your child going there , there's always an easy solution .
Don't go their and don't let your child go their .
However if you see the beauty in impurity that a library brings to a community and to a person as I do then don't allow the injustice to authors , songwriters , musicians , directors , and yourself occur .