' @CAPS1 day @CAPS4 @CAPS3 , my dad was pulled over three times for @CAPS2 : @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 . '
@CAPS6 is just @CAPS1 of several quotes from a book that I am reading that some people could take offense to .
The book in general is a rather appeasing book , it's just some things , people might take offense to .
That doesn't mean the book shouldn't belong on shelves .
I don't think that libraries should be forced to take books off shelves just because they offended someone .
That's like saying you should shoot everyone who has made an offensive comment to somebody in their life , you would be left with nothing in the end .
If someone finds the things that other people have to say , offensive , they generally stop hanging out with that person .
Therefore , it would only make sense for someone to stop reading a book if they find it offensive .
Some magazines have really offensive things in them , that people in the real world say .
It's not like your generic non-fiction books that come up with insulting things to say , at a high school level .
You don't have to subscirbe to that particular magazine , or even pick it up to read .
These days , so many things offend so many people , in so many different ways .
What might offend @PERSON1 down the street , @PERSON2 across town might find funny.You can not make everyone happy , and if you took books off the shlef because someone complained about the offensive things that they read , you would be trying to appease to everyones ' wants and needs .
I think it would be fair to put a restriction on books , about age limits .
Some of the more offensive ones could have the higher age limits .
At the junior high I attended , they have books categorized as 'young adult ' books , which means you either have to be in eighth grade or have a note from your guardian saying that it's alright for you to read those types of books .
It 'd be just like movies ; movies have the ratings so that only certain people can watch them , why can't they do the same with books ?
I guess what I am trying to say is that it would be very disappointing to me and numerous other people if you just started taking books , @CAPS7 , movies , magazines , and so on , off the shelves , and out of market just because someone cried foul against it .
If they don't like the material that they are looking at , reading , watching , listening to , or all the above , no @CAPS1 is forcing them to pay attention to it .
They can go read the nursery rhymes , because those are not offenesive .
Once again I say , taking a book off the shelf everytime someone complains about the material would be like shooting every person who has ever made an offensive comment to someone in their lifetime , you 'd be left with nothing .