There are many different kinds of books in the library .
Not all of them are for the eyes of every person out there .
I think that libraries should censor the books , movies , and magazines so that either they are in a certain room where only adults can see or get them , or they are not in the library at all .
The books in the libraries can have some very obseen items in them that young children should not be able to see .
I have been to the library many times , whether it be by myself or with others .
I know what is out there and some of the books or movies are not always kid rated .
I would like to someday beable to take my own child into the library knowing that what they are going to see is okay for their eyes .
Magazines are always talking about new relationships or this person is having a baby or anything along those lines , and I don't want my child seeing that .
The library I usually go to has the magazines out where everyone can view them and I don't want this for my son or daughter who is of a young age .
I think a parent should be able to take their children into a library knowing that when their child runs up to them with a book , it will be something that they are aloud to read or get and not something that an adult would read .
Libraries could always make a seperate room for books and movies that are not always for children .
Such as the rated @CAPS1 movies or books that are inappropriate for young children .
That way when a little kid is running around looking for a new book to read , they can't see or pick up these books or movies .
I don't know about the other adults or parents out there , but I sure don't want my little kid walking around talking about an inappropriate book or movie they saw at the library .
Since libraries have many different kinds of magazines , books , and movies , it is not always a safe place to just let your child roam around .
Libraries could always make a seperate room for items like this .
For the books that are for older @ORGANIZATION1 , movies that are rated @CAPS1 , or magazines such as @ORGANIZATION1 .
I think that if libraries did this , parents would be much more at ease to taking their children and letting them run around and look for new and interesting books to read or movies to watch