There are many reasons why censorship can be thought of as a good thing , or a bad thing .
I am against censorship .
My reasons are that just because someting is there that you don't like , doesn't mean that you have to look at it or use it .
There are plenty of people that would like to have access to that information or entertainment .
Another reason is , that if there's something that someone doesn't want their child looking at , then they should either trust that their child won't look at it , or prevent them from seeing it .
Finally , what would be left if everyone were to remove somthing that they took offense to ?
Nothing would be left to read , listen to or watch .
First , why I think censorship is wrong , is that the people that take offense to what they want removed , don't have to look at whats offensive .
No one is forcing them to look at it or use it .
They 're better off just ignoring it .
Because other people , that don't take offense to it , have the right to look at or use it .
The library might be the only place that someone could have access to that sort of material .
So if someone were to remove that material , the person that needs or wants it , would not have the access to use it .
And they are given the right to use it .
Their child might even have the right to it .
Second is that some people wouldn't want their child seeing those things .
But removing it shouldn't be that persons first instinct .
I believe that the parent should be able to trust their own child not to look at it .
And if they can't , then they need to somehow prevent their child from viewing it ; not by removing it .
The parent should be able to come up with a reasonable way of preventing their child from viewing things that they don't want the child viewing , rather than taking that thing away from the child , and the whole community .
Lastly , let's say that in a library , theres at least one book to each person in a community that offends that person .
If they were each given the right to remove the book that offended them , what would be left to read ?
Absolutely nothing .
And each of those people that removed a book , most likely would enjoy another book that someone thought was offensive .
So now there isn't a single book for that person to read , just because everyone else disliked the books they didn't think were offensive .
Once someone starts removing , other people will join in , and you 'd be left with an empty library .
Thats what I think about cencorship .
It's really just wrong .
Personally , I would like to be able to go to my library and pick out a good book .
And I know other people like to do that too .
So why should anyone else be able to take that away from them