Have you ever read or listened to somthing that is so disturbing that you wonder how it even got the right to be published ?
Well , music , books , and magazines these days are full of garbage and innapropriete thoughts that children listen to and base there life off of .
All of these resources that kids can find that has this kinda of material in it can be found in libraries .
We have to put an end to it or find some source of censorship for these library resources .
A library has the tendency to be known as boring or a very plain place .
If a kid in school comes through the hallway saying he found a really good book , other kids become interested in it ; they find out it has drugs in it and they assume that this is not a boring book like all the others that you would find in a library .
Then , more and more people get that book and other books that have this style of materials are being discovered and checked out .
Now , all these children with these popular books consider themselves 'cool ' .
So , these children start making actions and start behaving the same way the characters are in the book .
This leads to disaster .
Music can be the same way .
Music that has been recorded in the past ten years pick up sexual references , drug usage , and innopropriete behavior in its lyrics .
Why would anyone want to put this kind of material in there masterpiece ?
Well singers and writers have found out that pieces containing these topics have sold the most copies .
So , every artist of any kind of work is puting these references in there books or songs .
Now , singers are starting to make music videos which not along sings these lyrics but shows them as well .
Children see these artist in these videos with attactive mates , lots of money , and living the 'perfect life ' .
So , this person try doing the same thing this artist did to make there life more like theres .
Movies come along then , movies have seen the ratings go up on these kind of styles , so they start puting them in there film .
Now , all these pieces have this garbage in it and has had it in it for quite some time .
How do we get it out ?
How do we get our children to stop getting these resources ?
No parents want to walk around and hear there children saying these things or doing these actions .
So libraries have to have some censorship on there work ; there work should be removed so minors wont get the wrong message .
What ever happened to the good old days when music , movies , and art was a special talent and was not looked up to as somthing that would get our children into some trouble ?
We need to get these censorships in libraries and get back to the good old days before things get more out of hand than they already are