I was asked the question 'Do you believe that a certain materials , such as books , music , movies , or magazine , etc .
?
should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensice ? '
I would have to say no .
I dont think you should be in the library to be critisizing what other people believe in .
But what if you just come past a book , movie , music , or magizine that is offensive ?
Just ignore it .
I dont think people have enough time to be caring what other people think , even though people do it all the time .
Next time you see a book that is offensive to you just walk away from it and dont bother looking at it .
Everything can be offensive to anyone , @PERSON2 was completly right when she had said ' ...
If I have the right to remove that book from the shelf ...
The you have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
I think this day and age everykid knows more than they 're supposed to anyways , so why cencor what they already know ?
What if you might like this specific series and it is about the haulacaust and it is like many different story made into one to tell about how the @CAPS1 stayed in the camps , but your not @CAPS2 or @CAPS3 , and a @CAPS2 happens to read it and get it taken off the shelfs cause it's offensive .
Maybe he thought it was a disgrace and lies about his home country and it's making people think they 're all like the @CAPS5.If theat had happened to you what would you do ?
Would you go looking for a new book ?
Or would you be upset cause you weren't able to finish the whole series ?
Many people things offensive every single day , when they shouldn't .
People try to act like they 're better than everyone else , and it's not right .
If your one to take things in books , movies , music , or magazines offensive then you need to get over yourself and realize that you need to spend more time on living life rather than get upset cause of stupid pitty stuff .
In music they 're are certain words used that one might like to be called , but if a differnt race decided to sing about it too then he might get upset and think that he's being rasict .
It's not being rasict , offenending , or directed towards you !
So , just do everyone a favor and stop complaining .
Now Katherine Paterson , @CAPS6 if you have a problem with your child or any other children taking a book off a shelf even though it might offend some I think you need to realize that it is a good thing that , that child is still trying to read , and trying to get better at reading by reading .
There are selected magazines and movies out there on shelfs of publi libraries and stores that might be offending others , but if it is offending you why are you looking or even gon na buy/check it out ?
I personally dont think any books should be taken off the shelf of any library anywhere .
taking books off shelves are like telling people to stop reading