When someone goes to the library , there is multiple items to choose from .
There are books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
But not all of this is nessessarilly a good thing .
There are several books , movies , and music albums that can be either offensive or not right for a library's audience .
The material that is offensive should not be on the shelves for children sake .
Although there is much good items in a library , there is also bad or offensive items in a library as well .
For example , an explicit music album .
If an explicit music album is just sitting on the shelf of a library , then any person could listen to it or take it out for awhile .
By taking out the bad music , that keeps younger kids away from the explicit music that most parents don't want there children listening to anyway .
Movies are also a problem in library's .
For example , library's having @CAPS1 rated movies on the shelves for anyone to take out to go watch .
Most @CAPS1 rated movies have something in them that doesn't make them child appropriate .
Movies that are @CAPS1 rated are rated that because of all the material in the movie .
This is why when these movies are played on television , they are edited so all audiences can watch .
So by taking these types of movies off the shelves in library's , it keeps young children away from inappropriate behavior .
Books are the same way as movies and music .
There are books on the shelves that some people concider 'funny ' , but in all reality , it's a harmful book .
There are books made that include racial material in them , even deragator statements .
By taking these types of books off the shelves of library's , a lot more people wouldn't be introduced to all the racial comments that occur .
For the sake of the children and young kids , any material that is found offensive in library's should be removed .
If library's would just remove all the bad materials , it 'll make all library's a more healthy and stable enviornment for studying like it used to be used for .
Take out all the offensvie material , then they could put more educational books , movies , etc .