Should libraries be more careful about what they put out in their place of establishment ?
Of course they should .
Libraries have all kinds of people walking in and out everyday .
Certain rated material should be put in certain spots for certain people .
The library should be more strict on the material that the people in the library look at on a day to day basis .
Libraries need to become a little more organized .
Libraries have people that come in and out of the library everyday .
People of all different ages and anyone is welcome to come in the library .
With that being said , children of all ages come into the library all the time and pick all kinds of material .
Children of course can't read everything in the library .
They have to stay within their appropriate rated material selection .
So if the library is more censored and strict about the material children can't get their hands on the material that they shouldn't be seeing at that time in their lives .
You would want your seven year old child seeing inappropriate or offensive material , right .
Libraries should put the material that for adults eyes only in one completely different section of the library than what they would want the children that come to the library to see .
With doing that it decreases the chances of the children getting a hold of material that they should see .
Also , some books that the library think that some children should be able to see just might be offinsive to another set of people and wouldn't want their children to see .
So books @MONTH1 show racism , or maybe another kind of discrimination and it @MONTH1 not be the goal of the book to make that suggestion but it still is in the book and in the wrong hands it can be a very bad thing especially in some childrens minds .
The libraries really need to just stop and think for a second is this book really appropriate for this age group or even for this establishment .
Libraries have become where children are just checking out books by themselves and to me thats a problem .
I think that children need a parents concent to check out a book from a library but do the libraries care , no .
Library @MONTH1 check their inventory and notice a book @MONTH1 be missing but guess what , by that time its already to late .
Children are able to just walk right out with books these days and know one will even think that they just took a book without checking it out .
When children find a piece of material in a library and they know they aren't suppose to have it and they know they cant get out of the library with it they might decide to just take the book .
The sercurity wont think twice to check the child and what is the result the childs mind is corrupted .
Guess what you can blame it on the though the library .
Isen't that something the child got the material from your friendly neighborhood library .
Oranization is the key .
Libraries need to orginize their material better , plane and simple .
It's really not that hard .
They need to review the content that thier putting on the shelves in their establishment .
I feel that the people at the library are lazy personally .
If they just gave a little more effort maybe the children wouldn't get their hand on material that they have no buisness getting a hold of .
Just pay attention to whats going on in the library .
Their are books everywhere , right .
Their are children , correct .
The children @MONTH1 be in their appropriate rated section of the library but maybe a book from the adult section of the library stumbled over there by accident .
Though it was an accident it still happened and it can be prevented and it should be prevented for the sake of the children .
All we need is a little more organization .
As you can see from the following libraries just don't about our children as much as we do .
It's okay that everyone is welcome in the library no questions asked but , they people need to stay in the designated place in the library .
Children shouldn't be allowed in the adult section for saftey .
Also a book from the adult side shouldn't be in the childrens section because anything can happen and corruption will rise .
We need stricter libraries .
Better sercurity to what they children are looking at and where the material is .
Also the library really needs to look at the material and decide if it is appropriate for all the readers that @MONTH1 look at the material .
Organization is the key to all our worries , if we use a bit more effort this won't be a problem anymore .