I believe that censoring books in a library could be both good and bad .
I think that there is different levels of censorship that should be enforced depending on the library at which censorship is required .
In elementary school libraries , I think it would be appropriate to censor the books that are bought , and used in the library .
Seeing that elementary kids are not as mature as say an adult , or a high school student , their level of reading is not as advanced as ours .
Parents would definitely not want their children to be reading books that contain sex , drug usage , and any violence .
This is because reading these books might put ideas into their heads .
It @MONTH1 teach them things that they aren't supposed to do , and they @MONTH1 think that it is alright to act out on what they learn from a book .
On the other hand , high schoolers , such as myself , are interested in those kinds of books .
I am mature enough to know not to act out on what I read , and I am already aware of most of the things that books present .
While most guys are into violent books about shooting , or football books , a lot of girls are interested in the romance type of books , that possibly express more then what most kids should know .
In high schools , there should be less censory due to the fact that we are more mature and should be able to read what we are interested in .
In public libraries , I think there should be sections of books based on age level , which most libraries do have already .
This way parents taking their children to the library will know in which way they should direct them .
Everyone is obligated to their own choices , whether that choice is to read books that are more likely to be offensive , is their choice .
All in all , I don't think that books should be removed from the shelves if found offensive , because books are a type of out let to people .
They can be educational , read for entertainment , or just read to keep you preoccupied .
Books are everywhere , and people have every right to read whatever they please .
On the other hand , I think it is a great idea to censor books , and categorize them to reduce the chances of young children running into books they aren't supposed to , and to keep all of their parents happy !