I think that censorship should be allowed in high school .
For one , students who read books or watch the movies that are censorship can learn a lot from it.Also , I believe that if books are bad and not appropiate at school then why are they here ?
Movies that are not allowed becasue of its rating I think is lame because it might have pictures of naked people and bad language but we are high school students and we should be able to watch them because they are educational and we are mature enough to watch.Nevertheless , I believe that censorship is a good and bad thing but overally I think it should be allowed .
Therefore , books or movies that are censored , shouldn't be because I personally think that students learn better from recent rated r movies then some @DATE1 movied thats in black and white .
Kids pay more attention to good interesting movies and the old movies most student fall asleep or just doesn't pay attention at all .
So after that , I think that censorship should be allowed at high schools .
If books and movies are so bad then why would they even have some here already .
I think its foolish for teachers or administraters to think that we are to immature to watch rated r movies like every kid at school watches them at home , I believe .
Yeah I know some movies show some scenes that arn't school related but who cares we will get over it .
Overall I think that censorship should be allowed at high schools .
Well then last point is that all these helps us in a way if you really think about it .
Get a classroom with computers and for a week let them listen to music while they work and for another week dont let them listen to anything than see which comes out better .
Personally listening to music makes me concentrate better and keeps me on coarse to get my work done.SO therefore , I think that censorship should be allowed at high schools .
So you got my opinion on censorship and I hope it helped you out to look at this situation better or clearer .
I think rated r movies should be allowed at high schools and any music should to i mean its not like we are in prison , right ?
So there you got my opinion that censorship should be allowed at high schools