Should there be censorship in libraries ?
Some say there should be , some do not .
Cultural books and magazines could be offensive to some readers .
History in books can sometimes even be offensive depending on someones lifestyle or background .
Are you wrong if you say you want censorship in the library ?
No , you are not wrong because there are many people who think that some books should be taken off of the shelves of there local libraries .
Some of there reasons are because parents could have young children and they do not want to expose them to such things while they are young and vulnerable .
Others though say that censorship is unnecessary because people are going into the library and looking for a book at their own risk .
Meaning that if someone goes to the library looking for a certain book and they pick up one they find as offensive , it could be a good book for someone else .
Do all books that are considered 'offensive ' have to be fiction ?
No , not all books have to be fiction if they are offensive .
This does not mean that there aren't books out there like that .
Cultural books or magazines from other countries or of a certain topic can sometimes be very graphic and have language that is only appropriate for certain ages .
Everywhere in the @CAPS1 no matter where you are there are going to be things that could either interest you or be offensive to you .
Everybody has there own opinion on the matter .
The cultural @CAPS3 in the library are just showing how the people of othere countries live and act .
It is not opinions or false claims in these @CAPS3 , only fact .
So cultural @CAPS3 should not be censored , although it could have a section just for that type of material .
History books can be one of those @CAPS3 that really depends on your opinion or what you were raised in .
Religion is one thing that history books can really raise offense to people because it could have some of the facts wrong about that type of religion .
Some people would get very upset about how it was wrong because they are teaching the kids wrong about religion .
Race and origin are another problem with some people .
History books and elder's stories can always somehow be mixed and could cause trouble .
For example if a @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @NUM1 veteran told a story about what happened in a certain area ; the history book could tell a completely different story .
History books should not be censored because it is facts and teaching kids on what has happened in the past and how people survived .
My views on the censorship of libraries is that there should not be any of it .
Maybe the library could make a section for what people might think is 'offensive . '
@CAPS3 or books should definately not be taken off of the shelves though , because one man's offense is another man's great read