In our great country we have many freedoms , one of these is the freedom to read , hear , and see what we want .
We all have different views that go with this freedom such as what we watch on televison , what we read in our spare time , and what music we like to listen to .
However , if we had the right to remove things we do not like we will ruin the enjoyment for others .
This would eventually remove our freedom .
Many authors , musicians , and directors have stated that this freedom is important for having an enjoyable and creative life .
We as individuals have different views on many things .
Luckily our freedoms allow us to have these views without intefering with the views or ideas of others .
If we removed the books , movies , magazines , etc.
, there would not be anything for anyone .
Our libraries would be emptied , the classrooms would not have books , and the stores would not have anything .
We should not have the right to remove what we think is innapropriate or does not follow our values or interests .
Even though the right of removing things sounds like a good idea , we should consider the thoughts and ideas of others .
Consider a public library , it has books for children , teens and adults with individual preferences , and a school library with books for children and teens with their own preferences on what they like to read .
If we allow this right then these libraries which allow individuality would not be able to exist .
People would be unable to live up to their freedoms of individualty .
Everyone should be allowed to be themselves .
Imagine what it would be like if we expanded this right to the foods that we buy .
We all have different tastes of food that appal and satisfy us .
The foods that we choose are a lot like the books we read , there are kinds we favor and others that we would just try to avoid .
No one would have any food to eat at a restaurant , at school , or any where else not even at home .
It would turn out to be a disaster .
We should not have this right because it would not be fair to any one .
Our views @MONTH1 be different but we have similar needs .
The freedom we have is a freedom of choice .
If we do not find a certain book , movie , or magazine to be appropriate we should choose to allow others to have the chance to pick it up and see if it fits their values and interests .
Other people will allow this chance too .
After all , aren't individuality and choice what made the freedoms we have @DATE1