Should books be removed from shelves if they are offensive ?
Who would determine if something is offensive or not and to whom it offends ?
These are just two questions that can create a high level of conflict and issues among many people .
Would removing books from shelves limit our possibility to learn or see something from a different point of view ?
First of all , who decides what is offensive and who it offends ?
It is possible for anything to offend anyone .
Also removing a book from the shelves could be offensive to the writter and the followers of the writter .
Bringing up removing a book from shelves could cause more problems then just letting the book remain on the shelves .
If offending others is the issue then would it not be better to leave it alone over all , rather than making it an issue to please one group but inturn upsetting another ?
Secondly , could removing a book from the shelves limit your ability to learn something or hear something from another point of view ?
If books that offended people would have always been removed for reasons of offending other we could not have much of the knowledge we have today .
For example a biology book might be offensive to people whos religion explains things differently and would make things untrue , and a religous document such as 'The @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' or 'The @CAPS3 ' could be offensive to the people who believe the biology books to be true .
If we removed both types of books from the shelves for being offensive , we would not have religion or modern science .
This example could be used for any topic or genre of book because people can take many different things as offensive .
As a solution , I believe it true that it is not possible to please everyone .
If one person is pleased another is offended .
If that person is pleased then the first person is offended .
If books could possibly labeled as'some might take offensive ' or 'material @MONTH1 be offensive ' then people have a warning and they can choose if they want to read it or not .
If they are offended they can not put blame on the author or where ever they got the book because there was a warning .
It would be just like the parental warnings on cd's .
This @MONTH1 not fix the problem of people being offended , but it could very much reduce the amount of complaints about a book being offensive .
In conclusion , books should just be left on the shelves regardless of people complaining about them being offensive .
Books being taken off shelves could turn into all books being taken off shelves which means no education or learning .
That is just not an opition .
Leaving books that offend certain people on the shelves @MONTH1 cause contraversy with others but if some sort of warning could be put in place and the proper procedures are preformed , the issues should decrease greatly .
Think about all this the next time you want a book to be removed from the shelves