@CAPS1 @CAPS1 a day where there are no books in the school library .
A librarian walks through the now empty corridors , reminising of the days before censoring , before everyone told her of what they found offensive .
Everyones ideas are different , but that absolutely does not mean they should have everyone else comply .
Saying such , if someone finds a book offensive , they just should not pick it up .
Just don't read it !
By pushing to have the book taken out , they would be implying that they know best , and usually , they don't know best .
A @CAPS2 could be offended by a fashion magizine in the library @LOCATION1 simply has an advertiziment for a body wash. She @MONTH1 say something like ' @CAPS3 child shouldn't see things like this , ' then demand it be taken out of the library .
Does that make sense ?
I didn't think so either .
In addition , if one woman was able to take a magazine out of the library , then another man or woman would believe they had the same power .
Censoring could become a casual thing , and books could be thrown out daily !
Now , that's only on a small scale .
@CAPS1 if they actually took this up with higher authorities .
That book would be taken away from all schools in the @LOCATION1 brings us to this problem .
Should we , as people , as normal citizens , really decide what others are able to read ?
The answer to that is a definate no .
Let's look on the other end of this now , too .
What will happen to the authors who wrote the books that are now banned ?
As an example , I 'll use @PERSON1 .
What would happen to her if the series ' @CAPS4 @CAPS5 ' were banned from schools ?
Also , what about the kids that like to read ?
This is just taking good books away from the students ... Because someone didn't believe in magic and threw a fit about it .
That librarian from the beginning is leaving now , theres no more books to check out , bring back , or read anymore .
The kids have to go to a public library to get all the books they want to read , and are then still discouraged from reading because the material wasn't proper .
This shouldn't happen .
Books do not need to be censored , and people who have a problem with a book just shouldn't ruin it for everybody