If you found a movie that you really enjoyed at the library , would you get mad if the library just tok it away and there was no other place to get it ?
If one person doesnt like something they see at the library doesnt mean its not educational , and just get rid of it .
Just because somebody doesnt like the one thing doesnt mean another person will .
I dont think they should get rid of movies , music , books , or magazines just because of one person .
Here is somethings that will make you think about geting rid of all these catagories .
One thing about movies that I like are they are good for visual aids .
some people are better learners if they visualize something , they can get a better understanding of the purpose or the cause of the situation and they might learn faster .
Another thing about movies in the library are becasue they show you things in the movie that you wouldnt be able to see if you were just reading a book .
One thing that i like personally is that when people are in movies its like you are actually talking to me like me and the actor are really having a confersation .
When you look at movie it gives you a visual picture of whats going on , even if the content isnt apropreate .
Thats al the reasons why i think that movies shouldnt be taken away because someone thinks that the movies are volgure and not censored .
Music is another rule that they shouldn't get rid of .
Music is almost the only thing you can calm you down so that you can focus again .
Another thing that music does to you , is it soothe's the mind so that you can relax and you wont bother anybody else .
When you listen to music , it blocks out other sounds that you might get distracted from .
so those are the reasons why music shouldnt be rid of .
Magazine and books are the basics of a library .
If you get rid of those , then it wouldnt be a library anymore .
books are the basic learning methods of education .
People learn the most information out of a book or magazine .
If you take those away its like your trying to hold people back from education and knowledge that they have in books .
So if you get rid of magazines and books then it wouldnt even be a library any more .
if you get rid of movies from the library then people want be able to have a visual aid as there alternative way of learning .
If you get rid of music from the library , you wont be able to consintrate as well on one thing if your constantly getting disturbed by other noise around you .
Last but not least if you get rid of books from the library then it would be a library anymore it will just be a place to go like any other place .
The library wouldnt be anything any more .
Now would you want that ?
thank you