Libraries are filled with books , magazines , music , movies , and many more materials .
All of the materials cover a really wide range of topics .
For example , movies can be a comedy , mystery , or adventure .
However , some of this material is not suitable for some viewers and can be very offensive to them .
For this reason , these offensive materials should be removed from libraries .
One reason offensive material should be removed from libraries is because it can lead to violence in teenagers .
If a teenager is continually reading books or watching movies that have violence in them , then they might think violent behavior is all right .
They might not know that violence is not the answer to many problems , and they will not realize that there are other solutions to a problem .
One case that proves seeing offensive material can lead to violence occurred in a high school .
A straight-A student got a grade she thought she did not deserve from a teacher .
This student then painted her face white , put on red lipstick , and took a knife to the teacher's classroom during school .
She then proceded to threaten to kill the teacher .
She got the idea from the movie ' @CAPS1 ' , and her costume resembled the @CAPS2 .
Some students in the classroom at the time called @NUM1 , and the police officers convinced the girl to put down the knife .
Maybe if she had not seen the movie she would not have threatened to kill her teacher .
Another reason offensive material should be removed from libraries is because the material is sometimes inappropriate for younger children .
The children might just be looking at books and magazines in the library and not even check it out .
This way no one will know that they read it .
Some of the books in libraries have subjects like sex and drugs in them .
When the child reads this , he might want to do everything that is in the book .
I have read a book that contains sex and drugs .
The book might put awful ideas into the child's head if he read it .
After all is said and done , offensive material should be removed from libraries .
The material can lead to violent acts in people , even if it does not seem like that kind of behavior could possibly come out of that person .
The material can also be inappropriate for younger children .
All in all , material in libraries can be offensive to some people .