Today it seems as if anything you could imagine is out in the world somewhere , somehow .
Whether it is found in a magazine , a book , music , or movies is irrelevant .
The fact of the matter is , if good stuff is out there , then you can generally make the assumption that bad stuff is out there too .
This bad stuff is sitting around on the shelves of our libraries nationwide waiting for someone to open it up and induldge in their naughty , intense , or graphic ways .
As an @CAPS1 , every man has the right to do or read what he wants .
But what happens if it is not a man at all but in fact it is a child ?
This child is not choosing to read such bad things but just so happens to stumble upon it .
Should they be punished for accidentally coming across this material and reading it ?
Which raises the question ; who is to blame , and , what is the solution ?
It is a good and respectable idea to censor certain things in libraries but if someone wants to read something , they should be able to right ?
It is a very sticky situation and determining the answer should be a long and thought out process examining the issue from all angles , and different perspectives .
The people that have brought this issue to the surface more than likely have personal experiences that make them feel so strongly on thier views of censorship in libraries , as have I .
On a dry , blistering @DATE1 day I wanted to find something to do indoors .
So instead of staying home all day I walked down to the library .
I had been there a lot that @DATE1 and I was pretty familiar with their selection so I was looking for something new .
So I strayed out of the kid section and browsed other areas of the library .
There were so many choices and options right at the tip of my fingers .
I got tired of reading all the titles so I did what generally any other kid would do , and something parents have been telling their kids for centuries not to do ; I judged the books by their covers .
I found one that looked interesting , and long story short I just so happened to stumble upon a love story .
But not the kind I was used to .
It was an adult book and want into vivid detail about the relationship of a sexually active older couple .
Needless to say I was speechless .
Reading that stuff as a child , scared mevery much so .
Nevertheless it leads me to believe that it would be smart for censorship to be put into place in libraries .
Of course , not every kid is going to have the same experience I did .
In fact hardly any will .
But I know that I was traumatized .
So I can easily imagine how other people felt when the same thing or a realitively similar thing happened to them .
But for all the other people that have not had things happen to them or that have not stumbled upon such material would probably think that it is unfair that things should be taken away from them just because other people could not handle it .
But if you were like me , or any other innocent child that happened to find and experience certain things they just were not ready for would you not agree that censoring libraries is a beneficial thing to everyone ?
If you want things that are more intense or out there , then you can go to a bookstore , instead of a public library .
I am a teenager and I do not have children but I can only imagine how you mothers and fathers out there would feel if it was their kids who were emotionally scarred from experiences they could have been shielded from in the first place .
Kids should be kids and not have to be worried about the bad things in this world , and the most effiecient way to keep that the way it is , is to censor books , music , magazines and movies from the shelves of public libraries .