Have you ever just read a book or a magazine that you just despised and thought that if that book was taken off of the shelf then it would save many people from a waste of time ?
Or have you ever read a book or heard a song that was not offensive to you , but to other people it might be offensive to their race or gender ?
A lot of people run into this problem and personally , I have ran into that problem , but that doesn't mean it needs to be taken off of the shelf .
If everybody in the world goes to a library and grabs one book off of their own local library shelf to go and throw away , just one , that they absolutely despise because of their own personal reason or just because they didn't like it , there would barely be any books left !
If somebody has a problem with the material in a book , magazine , or song , then don't read it or listen to it .
Other people @MONTH1 like reading about that topic , or like that kind of music .
I understand that some books @MONTH1 be offensive to some people , but do not read it if you take it to offense .
Books about slavery @MONTH1 be offensive to some people , but that is history and some people might like learning about that subject , or @MONTH1 even need that information for a research project .
There are also many books on the @CAPS1 , some people @MONTH1 find that offensive , or @MONTH1 not want their kids reading about that , but that is history .
It's a time period in the past and it @MONTH1 be something a high school student is doing a research paper over .
I have done a research paper over the @CAPS1 and I have read some very mature material that younger kids @MONTH1 not need to learn about right now , but I would not suggest to take every book over the @CAPS1 off of the shelves at our local library .
There are many different reasons for reading a book and if you want to read a book for enjoyment and you end up reading one that you find offensive , then choose a different topic to read about because some people @MONTH1 like reading about that topic .
Just because a person doesn't like a book or the topic the book covers does not give anyone the right to take the book off of the shelf because they feel that it is sending a bad message to younger kids or might be offending to some people .
If people do not want their kids reading about that topic then tell them when they go to check a book out at the library not to get a book over that topic .
If it becomes too big of a deal to where people begin to find a lot of books that offend them or other people , then suggest for the library to have a list of the books and their topics .
Each library could be required to have a list of books , and have the suggested age of the readers beside it , or there could be different sections of the library .
One section for kids , one section for teenagers , one section for adults , and one section for middle aged people .
Also , if it absolutely needs to happen , each library can have computers to where you can look up the book and see what that book is about .
This will give you an idea of what the book is about before you read it so if there is a certain topic that offends you then you can go ahead and find another book and find out what that one is about .
This would help many people not read books that offend them and it would help them find a book that is more suitable for what they want to read about .
Songs are a whole other subject .
An artist or songwriter will write , rap , and sing songs about what they want .
If people find the profanity in the song offensive , then do not listen to it .
There is no way that you can tell a song writer not to sing or rap about what they want , and stores are going to sell albums that give them business .
If people do not want their kids around that kind of language or message that the song is giving off then they can just tell their kids not to listen to it , because artists are going to write songs , rap songs , and sing songs about what is going to make them money , and that is just a fact .