Everybody had their favorite movie , song , or book when they were younger .
Sometimes these types of media aren't exactly child friendly .
Songs today hint at sexual activities .
Books about scary vampires and werewolves are being published .
There are even movies that depict violent and inappropriate behaviors in which children should not witness .
Does that mean they should be limited by a public place , such as a library ?
Several people would agree , but I disagree .
Growing up , @PERSON1 was the wonder of my world .
Her music was fun and unbeat , making a sunny day even more enjoyable .
Her lyrics seemed like they meant nothing , until you thought about it a little more deeply .
Even looking at the music videos , they show actions and images little children shouldn't be copying .
Some @MONTH1 restrict their child from such material , but I would call that depriving a child of there freedom .
You can go to any public library and look through numerous selections of books , dvd's , cd's , and even magazines .
Some library's even have computers available to the public .
Not all places will carry your favorite aritist , movies , or reading material tho because they believe it isn't something little children should be indulging in .
Who is to say a little kid can't enjoy the material that they 'd like ?
That's like taking away part of a person's originality .
A child would not have the opportunity to become an individual with their own opinions and feelings if they were restricted to a one mind track .
Limiting a child's media could benefit them in some way .
Restricting time on computers , limiting the amount of hours playing video games or watching television could help teach a child time managment skills .
Most children will see something interesting and repeat what they learned or share it with an adult and it could get them into trouble .
Library's shouldn't have to take the offensive media off the shelves though .
Age restrictions on renting those offensive types of materials should be set .
Just because a book or movie has language and images that shouldn't be seen by children is made , does not mean a library should limit that access to the public .
Restrictions on renting that material could be set .
It would solve all issues , in my opinion .
In conclusion , censorship in public library's could be beneficial , but they should just set an age renting limit instead of removing all material alltogether .
Therefore , making parent's happier and not restricting a person's freedom to develop there own opinion's and liking's of the different types of media