Do you believe in hiding books and movies that are over @CAPS1 ?
Do you think that children can control themselves with offensive behavor ?
Have you ever seen a child watch a scary movie that was @CAPS2 @CAPS3 ?
Why do you think that most parents block that kind of viewings from their young children ?
I believe that materials such as books , music , movies , and magazines should be removed from the shelves from children , if they are found offensive .
I fully agree with adults not letting children watch that new scary movie or that action book their brother is reading .
I think they should consider the effects that come with watching or reading certain things .
Children at young ages still have their innocence .
You don't want your child having nightmares because you let them watch a over @CAPS1 rating movie .
You would feel guilty if the child has problems for the rest of their life .
You have to make a choice on whether the it's comfortable for them to view what their watching or reading !
It's important to hid them so the child can not get ahold to them .
Be wise of the kind of movies and books you leave around the library .
You should have a section for children in libraries .
You should have all the materials that a child should be interested in .
It should be colorful and playful as possible .
I used to watch this girl named @CAPS5 .
I was babysitting her one night , while her parents were at the movies .
I brung a movie to watch , when @CAPS5 fell asleep .
So once the clock turned to @NUM1 , I put her to sleep .
But little did I know she woke up and @ORGANIZATION1 me watching this horror film called @ORGANIZATION1 .
It gushed blood everywhere and she started to sceam !
I thought I had secured her in her bedroom , to go to sleep but to my surprise she was still woke !
I rushed over to her and put her back to sleep .
hoping she didn't have any nightmares .
Please be curtious to the things youlet children read or see .
You have to think of the effects of what's going to happen to the child later in life .
I know you think that it's not that harmful to children , but it can really mess up their minds and actions forever .
So I hope I have persuaded you to follow my advice and pull them over @CAPS1 movies and books off the shelves for the safety of the children