Everyone is @CAPS1 @CAPS2 person is @CAPS1 , this much we can agree on .
So why then would people try to put a censorship on books , movies , magazines , and etc.
, as i pointed out before , we all are @CAPS1 so we all have @CAPS1 standards on what is bad and offensive to what is good .
When we remove a book from a library shelve for whatever reason we have to do so then others should have the same right to do so as they see fit .
If picked up a book on why @CAPS3 is the right religion and i am a @CAPS4 then more then likely i will find it offensive .
Yet if i gave that same book to a @CAPS3 , that person would mostly likely read that exact same book that the @CAPS4 read and find it not offensive at all .
It all comes down to the veiws we all have about everything so why would you let one person or even a small comittee set standards on library censorship for they @MONTH1 feel one way while another comittee or person feels completly @CAPS1 .
Everyone is @CAPS1 and feels diferently about issuses .
There is no way to make sure that @CAPS2 book in the library won't offend a single person .
The same issue can be applied to music , movies , magnazines and ect .
No matter what we do , some one will be offended .
For example , the plege of allegiance is something my school says everyday , yet some people , like a @ORGANIZATION1 , find it offensive .
All acrosss the nation people say it before school , a sportinh game , or ect.
, yet you don't see very many people objecting to that .
I have obsereved that most people who find it offensive just ignore it so why can't we do the same for books , movies , magazines , and etc .
that we @MONTH1 find offensive .
In conclusion , there really is no way to put a cencorship in libraries since no matter to tell what a person might or will find offensive .
So why then can't we just not read what offends us , this really is the only way to keep from offending people .
For these reasons , I feel that there should not be a cencorship in libraries