There are many works out in modern times which can be considered provacative or offensive .
Some are even unfit for young eyes .
There are many reasons that some will come up with for removing these books from their shelves , but I believe that no one , politician or artist alike , should have the right to put down someone else's work .
There are definitely books in libraries that wouldn't be dreamt of being checked out by the ordinary person , but these books should not be put down .
I don't believe that a person's work , which is instilled with hope , money , beliefs , and elbow grease should be removed from public .
No matter how offensive or wrong some @MONTH1 be , it is their work and their time , and their heart and soul which they put into a book .
It is the truth that this has been done in the past to keep down rebellions and shifts in power , but nevertheless , I still disagree .
For example , even today @PERSON1's @CAPS1 @CAPS2 is illegal to even have in @LOCATION1 .
This is for a specific reason , of course , and not a bad one at that , but I believe that this book should still be available so people can read and learn from the past .
As it has been for many centuries , the ability to publish a book means the ability to be remembered forever , and many people put their soul into the book they write .
These books represent the ability to think freely , and if one is to remove books from society , then one is to remove free will and free thinking from society as well .
This is accentuated especially in the dark psychological science fiction novel by @PERSON2 , @CAPS3 @NUM1 .
This book is almost prophetic in the descriptions of future society from the perspective of a person from the @DATE1's , and almost totally accurate as to what would happen if one was to take books out of society , and was even censored itself for a long time .
Of course , it conveys the extremist view of censorship , and probably won't happen in the near future , at least .
It is , however , a dark omen of what is to come is censorship is freely given power .
There are many views that one can have on a single topic , book , or idea .
That doesn't mean , however , that if it is viewed as wrong it should be put down .
This applies to music , movies , magazines , websites , and books alike .
If one removes these from society in any form , then at a raw standpoint , they are removing a piece of flavor and individuality from society .
If censorship is given free reign , even if it is simply over the 'extremist ' or 'radical ' ideals , then people will never have the full ability to learn from their mistakes and know what to do about the future , which will simply be history that will be repeating itself .
Of course , it is not my viewpoint that governments should simply let terrorists and radicals spread their ideals as they please .
Once one is proven to be a threat or menace to the public , then they should most definitely be taken into custody and convicted of their wrongs.There is no doubt in my mind that the law should be upheld , but it should not overextend its boundaries .
Censorship , as a whole , is a helpful process for the benefit of the public , but all in all it removes the ability to see the raw , cold truths of life .
This keeps some from ever learning how to be safe truly , and how to think and believe in their ideals .
When politicians step into the boundary of art , music , literature , and even education to an extent , and try to keep it from flourishing as it naturally would , then something must be done .
I 'm not inciting a rebellion , but I truly do not believe that politics should rule over the artistic soul of the average man .
That in itself is how society becomes self-destructive and loses its concern and connection with the world