Many different people have views on what they want their children to be exposed to , whether it be in books , movies , music , or any other type of media .
So should libraries be more strict and remove certain items that might come across as offensive or vulgar to parents or even students ?
I believe that it completely depends on how a library advertises or who they allow to check out what .
I know that a certain case , specific to me , is that my mother did not like me reading a specific series becasue she thought that it was not an appropriate reading material for me .
Because of that , that does not mean she marched down to the library and demand that they get rid of all the books written by that author .
She respected the fact that others enjoyed reading the books and just asked me to steer clear of them and to find something more appropriate for me to read .
In many libraries , I know that they have certain areas for specific age groups of people like children , teenagers , and adults .
Within those specific designated areas , they have kind of 'sub-area ' where they seperate educational from entertainment and so on .
Let's say one parent gets offended by a specific section , such as a sex education section , should they ask the library to remove it completely ?
I do not think that will help anything because there are students who use that topic for areas they are studying and parents who use it as educational tools with their own children .
I do believe that libraries should put stamps or notices on their different types of media saying that only a certain age group is aloud to look at them and be able to check them out .
An eight year old should not be able to go in and get a @NUM1 movie whenever they want to .
There should be restrictions on areas like that , but for someone to come in and say to take out all the @NUM1 movies is a ridiculous thing to do because there are others who enjoy that type of entertainment .
Libraries to respect the fact that there are different types of people with different interests and they try to make their environment as comfortable for everyone as possible .
They will have children's videos seperate from the adult videos and they even have a whole seperate section of books for them to discover and journey into .
The only thing that I believe should not be in libraries is vulgar magazines or videos .
A library is still a public , family area , after all , and no child should accidentily stumble upon any raunchy article .
So , should libraries completely remove areas of media ?
I do not think so .
I think that they should distinguish from adult's and children's materials .
Katherine Paterson says , 'But if I have the right to remove books from the shelf .
then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
If we continue to take books off of the shelves then eventually there will be nothing to read .