People @MONTH1 have a certain reason to take something off the shelves like books , magazines , @CAPS1 , etc .
Whether those reasons be personal or professional it rather important .
Some @MONTH1 find the material offensive to themself .
Others might find it inappropriate to have something like that available to the younger generation .
And writing or music could be thought of as unneccessary and irrelevant .
The world holds many things that can be found offensive to someone .
That someone could be an educated person or a high school dropout .
Out of all of the stuff in the world someone is going to find something offensive to them or other people .
It can be a phrase that an author uses or the name of a song .
But to take something away from the people is not right and shouldn't be allowed unless it is highly offensive .
They could choose to stay away from that sort of thing .
Unless the offender is very public and offends pratically everyone , should it then be removed .
Other material could just be blatantly inappropriate for some to have access to .
If there was a book on how to rob a bank or how to make cocaine then it should be removed because that would cause problems that could have never happened .
People might learn how to do those things anyway but by allowing that to be public information would be like starting a fire that will get widely out of hand .
Of course , anyone can get the notion to do something from anything they read but that is how they interpret it .
Some things out there are just inappropriate for the world and all the people on it .
If you listen to a @CAPS2 and they singer or rapper starts using profanity and disrespecting a race or gender when they haven't done anything to anyone it would be unneccessary .
Something like that should not be allowed in the first place and it is bad enough to be done to another singer but to talk about a race or culture in inexcusable .
Or if a writer writes a story about someone , for example who just recently saved peoples lives , saying they were a horrible person and did terrible things to people when they only a little about the person and heard barely any of the story .
In conclusion , in certain instances the people should have the right to take away something that is extremely offensive not just to them but to a large amount of people.Or if the material can cause problems that should not have started .
And if the writing or music is inappropriate to a race or culture should it be removed .
Everyone has their rights and if writing , music , and videos are putting them down they should have the right for it to be taken from access .