My opinion on this would be that , they are going to learn about @CAPS3 anyways so why take @CAPS3 off the shelfs ?
No I don't think any adult material should be cencered .
You know when your little girl or boy as about what they have in there hand , simple just take @CAPS3 from them and say ' @CAPS1 your eyes can't handle . '
@CAPS2 , they are going to ask questions and @CAPS2 , they will start to wonder , but they learn that stuff in school anyways so what's the big deal ?
If I had a child , who had got into my personal stuff and started asking questions , I would simply tell them ' @CAPS3's a mommy and daddy thing ' , and then hide @CAPS3 in a diffrent place to where I know they can't find @CAPS3 .
I mean , when you was a child , of course your parents would have yelled at you for going into there room and looking threw there stuff , but then again , you would yell at them for having @CAPS3 when they got older .
So don't disaplin your children for @CAPS1 they 'stummbled ' on to , you should learn how to hide your stuff better .
I 'm not saying I would have any of that stuff ( why would I need @CAPS3 ? )
but , as a student looking into the future , I have a opinion .
Now lets say that you have a couple of maginzines under your bed and your child happens to see them .
@CAPS2 they will start looking at them , and some words might come out , but that does not mean they did @CAPS1 wrong , @CAPS3's the parents fault .
Like I said before I would hide my stuff better but , then again , I don't need that kind of stuff to live a happy life , I have my children and my husband and that is all I 'll ever need .
So before you parents decide to protest about the library having stuff that children are not suppose to see , check your room , hide your stuff so you wont be the embarassed one .
No , a library can have whatever they want , @CAPS3's not your place to say what they should get ride of and what should stay.As a student , I stand up and say , No , adult material should not be banned from library's , then you would here the adults complaining and that is @CAPS1 we don't need .