The question was asked 'Do you believe certian matierals , such as books , music , movies , moagazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive , ' No !
By taking away these things , such as books , music , magazines , or movies off the self , that @MONTH1 seem 'offensive ' your taking away things that people enjoy .
Not many people including me would agree with the passage of censorship on items like these .
So should we do this , I dont believe that we should .
There are many reasons that this should not be passed .
First by using this censorship , you might lose more customers in that store selling these such items .
Once the store has lost customers , they lose money , then they might even lose their store .
A lot of people like things that dont have any limits to them .
They often find their joy in these things .
I know that i , myself like reading books , listening to music that has no limits .
So if your taking them away or puting limits to it , are people really gon na want to have these things ?
Secondly , if there is really an issue with books and etc , that are not suitable for kids , then put the books and etc , in catogories .
These catorgories would put the things not suitable for children , apart from the ones that children should be reading .
Since there are no real solutions besides banning these items , this would be the best plan .
Finally , as katherine paterson stated 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the self . '
If this is really a problem then the the parents need to watch what their child is reading , because it isn't right to have everything taken away from the society just because the parents are concerned with what their child is reading .
So what do you think , should this be such a law .
The choice is yours .
Just remember though , if you agree with this then .
Just think of everything you are taking away from other people , do you really want to be that heartless ?