Censorship is a matter of great contention today .
Many authority figures have seemingly become obsessed with the notion that literature , video games , movies , and music are responsible for the perceived corruption of today's generation .
Many believe in the idea of censorship because it will protect their children and allow them to remain innocent and morally upright .
However , I believe censorship is a grand mistake on our part .
Denying children access to certain literary works only keeps them ignorant , not innocent ; so many books today are censored , and yet the information contained in them could have been vital to children who are seeking an understanding of the world they live in .
One of the most difficult questions about censorship is the matter of what should be censored and what should not .
Books that are viewed as offensive or controversial are the usual targets , but viewing something as being offensive is just thata view .
It changes from person to person because of varying cultures , religions , and moral codes .
No one can agree on what will have a negative impact on children , making it impossible to establish a standard of what is best left off the shelf .
The problem this creates is that many valuable books that should be permitted reading material are instead unavailable .
Censorship can protect a child from information they are better off not knowing , but it also robs them of a chance to gain vital knowledge .
Children should be encouraged to read and to learn , not blocked from doing so .
Yet if this is truly the case , why does the censorship debate still rage ?
The argument continues because , in truth , there really are things that ought to be censored .
Movies , music , and even books today can be very violent or sexual in nature , and these inappropriate subjects can have a negative impact on youths .
Bloody video games and hateful song lyrics can encourage animosity towards others in children .
But that can not be the sole cause of such behavior ; children will act right if they are taught how , not if they are hidden away from every instance of wrong .
Censorship is greatly inferior to proper life lessons about morality , equality , peace , and respect .
Inevitably , censorship will remain a common practice .
But try this : think of a book that changed your life for the better , and then imagine if you had been denied access to reading it .
Do you want to let your children miss out on an experience that could very well mean the world to them ?