What I belive is that certain material should be allowed on a shelf .
The time it takes an author to write a book , is very long .
It could be their passion to write , so why would you want to take that away .
Every person has an opinion , which is allowed to have by freedom .
Material in libraries are sorted by age group , and as long as the material is fitted for that age group , there should'nt be a problem .
There are many books that some people do not want their children to read , but the books actually help children learn .
For example , a book that you think is boring could actually be interesting to another person .
There are many opinions in the world , that is why there are so many differnt kinds of books .
If you took away a book or certain material off the shelf , how could that help a child .
Yes it could have bad words or beliefs , but it could help someone .
If a person is a loner or just likes to be by them selves , they could learn from the character's mistake in the book .
Many children these days are getting bullied or pick on , and don't want to tell an adult .
If there was a book that they read about a person being bullied , maybe it would encourage them to tell a teacher .
Yes I agree , every material has something in it that another person does not like .
There are a couple books that I did not approve of , myself , but I know that it has connected with a child some where in the world .
Every person does not grow up in the same conditions , but material could teach them .
You should stop and think if you was a writer , would you want someone to throw your hard work in the trash ?
Every time there is a big rally about an author writing about a certain belief , there is negative thoughts .
No one stops and thinks about someone else or their family .
All they care about is their own family .
Even the author's family is embarassed of the rally , but no one stops and thinks of their family and how they feel .
Think about you opinion , does anyone care about what you think ?
That is why as a person , we should not bring down someone's opinion , and let them say what they believe on paper .
How would you like it , if someone threw your belief or opinion in the trush ?
If there is a rally about a material in the library , next time think before you judge .
Would you want someone judging your belief or opinion ?