There is material out there that some people consider offensive and or have material in them that we don't want our youth to indulge in .
Such items can include music , books , and movies , but I am just going to give you some of my thoughts on the issue .
On materials , like music and movies , there are ratings on the item saying what age is apropriate for the content that the music or movie have in them .
Like movies there are ratings such as @CAPS1 which means that you should be @NUM1 or older to view it .
@NUM2 which is parental guidance or @NUM3 and up .
PG means you should have your parents with for the younger kids .
And @CAPS2 which is for all age groups .
If there is something offensive and or the language is bad in music the cover will have a lable that says explicit content .
I agree with this .
I don't think that they should take anything off of the shelf unless completely nescessary .
If someone doesn't like the content in that item they have the option to not listen , watch , or read it .
There are people out there that might disagree with me and I can see where they are coming from too .
Say if there is a book discriminating a race than I agree that it should be taken off the shelves .
There are also people out there who are more leanent and others that are more strict .
Just like parents for example .
A lot of parents want to raise there kids in an envirenment where there is no swearing and violence , while other parents let there kids watch and listen to items out of there age group .
Like with me my parents let me watch , read , and listen to what I want and in my opinion I turned out just fine , while others might not thing so .
I have seen kids that had parents that weren't strict and let them indulge in these items and they turned out to be well behaved adults .
Then there are also people you had strict parents and they turned out to be not so good of a person , and vise versa .
That is about all I have to say on the topic .
You have seen my views and what I believe .
In a summary I guess I could say that everyone has there own opinions and views