Have you ever had a book , movie , or magazine offend you ?
Have you ever wished that no one else will ever have to read it ?
Should those offensive materials be removed from libraries ?
I don't think they should .
The books , movies , and other materials should be marked saying that they @MONTH1 be found offensive .
From my own experience I know how easily one can be offended by a book or movie .
Many times I have read a book that has completely contradicted my religion .
Most times I will ignore it and move on to a better book or movie .
Sometimes it is harder to ignore .
I always try to forget and move forward with my life , as others should do .
Have you ever read the book The @CAPS1 ?
If you have you are aware that there are some ideas in this book that bring up many controversies .
One example from the book would be when they kill some of the children .
Most people , like myself , do not agree with this idea .
They think that it is wrong .
Again some people @MONTH1 try to get this book banned , but it is still a wonderful literature .
As you @MONTH1 have seen in the media lately , many people are trying to get the book @CAPS2 @CAPS3 removed from schools .
Some people have found the book as offensive because it repeatedly refers to native americans by a more profound word .
The law has not passed yet and has remained in schools .
The law hasnt passed because it does not affect everyone .
Some people @MONTH1 not find this offensive .
Therefore it was not removed .
Removing offensive books from libraries is the exact same thing .
Some people @MONTH1 find the books offensive while others @MONTH1 not .
Removing the books from everyone's reach would be appauling .
The book @MONTH1 only be offensive to one race or religion .
Why not simply put a warning label for that race or religion ?
That would take care of the problem by putting the decision of reading it and being offended in their hands .
Possibly it isnt that the books are offensive to a race or religion , maybe it is to an age group .
If that is the problem then the librarians can put those books in the appropriate age section .
I have given reasons from my own experiences , other readings , and my obersavations in the media .
I only hope that you consider my ideas .
Do not remove the books from the shelf only because it is offensive to one person .
Simply put a warning label on the book after a few complaints .
This would put the responsibility of being offended in thier hands .
Once again I do not think that offensive materials should be removed from our libraries only censored to the people of whom it is offensive