Censorship in media has been around since the beginning of @ORGANIZATION1 .
Some of the first movies were seen as too offensive and never made it to the theatres , but books , music , movies , and magazines in libraries how do they even need to be censored ?
Censorship of books should be if a book is not for children keep them away from it .
Books that are extremely offensive should be taken off the shelf or not put in a library .
A library is a place of learning or reading for entertainment and those very offensive books do not teach learning or are entertaining .
Music is another thing .
Most songs out are highly offensive and should be in a different section .
They should not be in the kid's area for music because do parents really want their children to learn cuss words at the age of five ?
Most parents do not want their children to learn cuss words and probably like if the libraries got rid of the music altogether that had to with sex , drugs , and cussing , all things that are censored in the media today .
Maybe libraries can carry music that is censored instead of carrying music that is not censored .
Movies are almost the same as music because it potrays mostly what music has in it , but it is visual .
Again parents do not want to see drug use or inappropriate gestures that make the child copy what they see and hear .
Libraries should put the movies in the adult section of the library .
They should be censored by putting a censor bar over the mouth of someone who is cussing or put the bar over the person's hand or wherever when they are making an inappropriate gesture .
Over the years it has become harder to censor magazines .
Magazines are impossible to censor , unless you are the person receiving the magazine .
If you are the libraries receiving the magazines grab a black marker and cross out words or pictures that seem to be offensive .
The libraries should not carry the inappropriate magazines .
If you are at a library and you see something inappropriate tell the librarian and see if they will censor the material in question .