As Katherine Paterson once said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '
As an author , she feels if she , and anyone else , has the right to take those uncensored books off the shelf , then there will be no books left .
Depending on the person , some books @MONTH1 be offensive to some , but not all .
I dont think that books should be able to be taken off the shelf by anyone because everyones preference on books can be different .
I believe that libraries should keep unsensored books in a certain section , so children can easily be kept from seeing or reading unappropriote material at their age .
And lastly , my own experience has led me to believe there should be a warning on certain books , saying not all the material could be appropriote .
People having the right to take any book off the shelf would be unfair for the people .
The library is a quiet place , meant for people to come and read any type of book , do homework , study groups , and undergo research for practiaclly any topic , @CAPS1 the number of books based on one persons opinion is unfair to everyone else who might enjoy that genre .
Libraries and books were one of the main resources for researching before there was internet and many eople still prefer books to this day .
I think the freedom of taking any book off the shelf would be endangering the process of learning and discovering To reduce the number of uncensored books being found by children or people who find them offensive , there should be a certain section in the library for just those books .
That way , people who have an interest in those books can read them , but also they are kept away for those who dont want to read them .
I think taking away any type of book is unfair to the people because everyone like different genres of books , so having uncensored books in one section is fair to all .
It would also be easier on parents knowing their children wont find books with material in them that they shouldnt be reading .
By disagreeing with the right to take any book off the shelf , I think each book with any uncensored material should be marked with some type of sticker on the binding , just as a warning .
If one sees that sticker and knows they dont want books with that type of material , then they can easily return the book with no argument .
I have had experience with trying to find a book for a school project , but later finding there was material in it that really wasnt appropriote for school .
This made me have to find a new book for the project .
I didnt want to completely take the book off the shelf and away from any one else who wanted to read it , but a warning right then would of been easier in the situation .
In conclusion , I dont believe that certain materials should be taken off by just anyone .
Taking away books would spark many disagreements because even though one person might find something offensive , doesnt mean every other person will .
As mentioned before , putting the uncensored books in a different section and putting a sticker on the binding would give a clear warning to anyone not wanting to read unsencored books .
I think every library needs to take into consideration of the topics above to help people reduce the issue of people or children finding uncensored books in just any section