Censorship in libraries has been an issue among communities for as long as literature has been around .
As expressed by Katherine Paterson , if one has the right to remove a book from the shelf that he or she deems unexceptable , then everyone has the right to remove books that he or she deem unexceptable .
Everyone has an individual view of what is unexceptable , so that @MONTH1 leave no book to be left on the shelf .
In saying this , if the government censors materials such as books , music , movies , and magazines , there is nothing to keep them from banning all that is there .
There is bound to be someone that wants a certain thing to be censored , but the government @MONTH1 not see it a something to be censored .
This brings up another question , what deems something unexceptable to be viewed ?
In my mind , this is a matter of opinion , so should we leave something like this in the government's hands to decide upon ?
I do not believe that books , music , movies , or magazines should ever be censored .
It is the choice of the individual to read , listen , or watch a certain material .
The government's opinion of whether something should be censored or not has changed over time .
The novel , 'The @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' was onced censored and banned by the government for it contained language and scenes that were viewed as inappropriate for readers .
If this work were to remain banned , this canon of american culture , the effect that it had on american literature to this day would have been lost .
I see literature as another form of art .
Art should never be censored , for the lack of it will halt all developments in our society .
Artists are ones to take risks and so are writers .
If people were not allowed to take risks , what would become of our society ?
Developments that have been made by researchers , inventors , artists , and writers were once possibly deemed as risk .
Should we have censored them ?
Another instance under which censorship had had a negative affect on society and culture was during the @CAPS2 regime .
Music , books , art , movies , everything was censored or banned under @CAPS3's rule .
A whole generation was lost under his power , for they were deemed enexceptable just because he did not like them .
Now , should we put the power of picking what is unexceptable into the hands of one group of people ?
Whole generations of books , music , etc .
could be at stake under such principles .
There should be no reason that we are not allowed to see , read , or listen to whatever we would like to as a nation .
The government , with the ability to censor libraries , can hinder our exposure to ideas unknown to us .
Lack of exposure is the cause of a society's ignorance of the world around it .
Who will stop the government from censoring what could be the next major masterpiece in literature ?
Nothing stopped them from banning 'The @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1 , ' so is there limit ?
This is the question one has to ask themselves , to keep the government from potentially cutting the nation off from future masterpieces .