Everyone has there own opinions and arguements about something .
There are a lot of books that can be offensive to people in some ways .
There can be over thousands of books in a library , and I find it difficult sometimes to find that right book that interests me .
My personal opinion is that i do not think that books should be removed from a shelf even though it @MONTH1 offend someone .
As I stated in the first paragraph , everyone has there own opinions .
There are so many types of books out there from murderes , romance , mysteries , drugs , and many more .
These books should be placed in seperate areas just as many books are .
If books are taken off a shelf what does that mean to us people ?
Everyone has there own freedom .
So if books are going to be moved from someone that's taking away from are individual freedom .
There are more to books in a libray also .
From books , movies , music , magazine , etc.
, can all of the have different types to them .
I do think they should just be placed in different areas .
I can see where people think that this can cause an influence to young children if they pick up something that is disturbing , but they should be with an adult .
Adults know what is right from wrong than what children do .
For example , whenever i walk into public places i hardly every see children just running around especially in libraries .
Libraries are expected to be kept quiet and not out jumping around and screaming .
The kids should be kept with there parent or an adult that way they can't grab something they shouldn't .
I understand that some teenagers can be offended to drugs or killings , in magazines or books , but some people like reading about that kind of stuff .
Does that mean we have the right to take it off the shelf because one is offended ?
To many think they have the right to do anything without negociating with others .
People that do not like that kind of stuff should just put it back down and go on with what they were doing.I can understand if you think that restrictions should be put on some things because i will agree .
There should be sections for teens , adults , and children .
To me that does not mean we have to remove anything though from otheres for offending someone .
Libraries can have an affect on your everyday life because of how calming and soothing it can be .
You should be able to have freedom without removing anything from anyone .
Taking away things does not mean your just taking away from one , it means your taking away from everyone .
You can have your own censorship in libraries from your individual freedom .
These are my personal views on why things should not be removed from shelves or anything else