There are lots and lots of arguments over the censorship of books and how they could affect children .
Some people think that offensive books should be removed from library shelves .
Others think that they should be left up there for the people who want to read them to do so .
Some parents of children say that their child has became more offensive towards others , when others people think it is just bad parenting .
So , you see that there are many different statements about offensive stuff being told to their children .
I think that there are some offensive things that need to be kept on shelves and that there are some that shouldn't .
Some articles that are offensive should be left up on shelves because they might teach children of what is bad and what isn't .
Other articles that have no reason for being offensive should be taken off shelves .
For an example there is music that talks about being extremely harsh and disobedient to others when that erson has done nothing harmful .
One example of being offensive in a good way is the book ' @PERSON1 . '
@CAPS1 book showed how bad slavery was and how it should never happen again .
If there is a book or any other piece of material that is offensive in a good way ; I want to read it and understand what it is trying to portray to me .
If it is portraying a bad image , then it should be removed from shelves .
If it isn't portraying a bad image then I believe that it should be taught to children so they can understand the affects and know the difference between what is right and wrong .
Books that suggest harmful behavior towards anything without a purpose should be thrown away .
@CAPS1 is because children that read it could join in on what the book is suggesting .
Then that could lead to bad consequeces for that person or someone else for that matter .
I have witnessed accounts where someone has listened to bad music or read about something bad and then have been changed by it , nut not in a good way .
There has been incidents where that person did something illegal and then had to face the harsh consequences for that action .
Then I have also seen accounts where people have been changed in a good way because of a book .
I personally have been chaged by the book ' @ORGANIZATION1 ' in a good way .
Now I realize how bad that was towards colored people , so I behave nicely to them .
since the are just as equal to everyone else .