Many people claim that certain books should be allowed on @CAPS1 shelves .
They claim that these books can be offensive to some and , therefore , should not be read .
These books are known as ' @CAPS2 Books . '
@CAPS3 , librarians , and public officials have gone too far in thinking they should have the right to choose who reads certain books and who does not .
In the novel To @CAPS4 a @CAPS5 , the author uses many words and descriptions that people find are very offensive .
These words , however , are essential to the setting of the novel .
The author is not claiming that she personally feels that @CAPS6 @CAPS7 should be described in the way that they are , but a racist individual , such as @PERSON3 or many people during the time period , would not hesitate to describe them in such a way .
The novel , To @CAPS4 a @CAPS9 , is a great way for people to understand the history of the @CAPS10 .
Without the descriptions in the novels , a piece of history would unknown to many .
The novel , @PERSON4 in the @CAPS11 , attempts to delve into the life of a pubescent , whiney , teenager .
The author , @PERSON2 , uses many curses in the dialogue between characters .
The charachters , however , are high school boys that live at a boarding school .
To water down the language or to make the novel 'kid friendly ' would make it impossible to describe the true nature of the characters .
The novel also contains multiple references to sexual situations .
These situations , although offensive to some , are necessary to show the progression of plot as well as the changing charachter traits of the protagonist , @PERSON1 .
Literature is not the only medium being targetted by those trying to completely censor libraries .
Music , movies , magazines , and videogames are being targeted as well .
In many cases , certain materials should not be viewed by young children or those who lack the maturity to handle them .
It should be remembered that it is the @CAPS3 responsibility to censor materials for their children .
Instances of violence , prejudice , and death are a diurnal occurence .
@CAPS1 patrons should not be shielded from these occurrences .
In conclusion , many times it is necessary for an author to use words or descriptions that are offensive to many .
Librarians should not be given control over which materials reach the shelves in libraries .
Libraries should present a wide variety of books , movies , etc .
to the public .
If libraries do this , it becomes the responsiblity of either the @CAPS3 or the individual to pick out books that are within personal boundaries