Works of literature are works of literature no matter what they contain.All liteature should be placed on the shelves of a library .
If for some reason the material is offensive or deemed as crude then it should go into a restricted section where permission is required to enter .
Literature is a strong item when it comes to persuasion .
So we must take care of what we allow to be released or seen and to which eyes .
Literature is written by the author for many reasons .
Perhaps the reason is to make money or to share a point of view but either way the author generally wants his or her literature to be read .
How would the author ever achieve his or her goal if we decided to remove their hard work from the library shelves .
It simply could not be read if it is not available .
This is one reason why certain books should not be altogether removed from the library .
No matter how crude a topic @MONTH1 be it @MONTH1 still be needed by certain individuals .
If there were images of a nude person in a scientific book that librarians did not want children to get their hands on then how would students study a topic such as sexual education or anatomy for a class ?
Of course there are people who simply want to see nudity for foolish pleasure and that is why permission should berequired to obtain these books .
A small closed off room in a library should be sufficient to contain all the books deemed crude .
This way the only access to the books would be to get a key from a librarian .
A book not read @MONTH1 as well never have been written .
There is absolutely no point in destroying certain types of literature because some @MONTH1 feel offended .
The simplest solution would be to simply make it so the only people to view these books would want or need to go view them .
We simply can not lose certain pieces of writing because some parents do not trust their childs eye or because a person @MONTH1 be offended at the material .
After all , when everybody has a chance to say what is offensive there will be no books left .