When you go to library , you @MONTH1 have a lot choice about reading books , watching movies or listening music , and sometimes you might have offensive words or abusive langauge that is not appropriate for you children .
Students must the right to remove the book from the library if he or she gets offended , or sometimes if there is a student who has came from a different @CAPS2 and they might get offeneded by the movies or music that are in the library .
Books are most commonly used in the library .
In those books , there are some book that are offensive to some student , and if one student find something offensive , he should have the right to remove the book from the library shelve .
Many students like fiction books , which are true story but it might have some kind of offensive language or something that the student is feeling racist to him .
School or any public library should remove books that contains inappropriate words that are not good for the kids to learn in their life .
Music is also one of the important thing that is carried in any school library or any public library .
Most common type of music that you can find in the library is @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 , or @CAPS3 music .
Most of the times those kinds of music might not carry and bad words , racistism or any offensive language , but some of the songs might carry something that is not apporpriate for school use .
Those kinds of music must be remove from any school library or any public library .
Movies are also carried in some library , but not every library carries a movie .
Some of the movies might have blood scenes , abusive language , which might not be apporpriate for some childrens who are at school .
You should check the rating of the movie that you are checking out of the library or if you are watching it at home or any other places .
Movies might carry some kind of rasictism in them .
Library is a good source for reading books , listening to music , or watching a movie .
While you are reading a book or watching a movie , you might find words which might not be apporpriate for yourself or for students who read those books .
These movies , books or music can carry abusive language or something that is rasict to some people who came from a different @CAPS2 .
Student should have the right to remove something that is not apporpriate in school use , such as , books , music and movies , if they contain something that is not suppose to be in it , you should remove it