Where it @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 @CAPS4 up noone wanted to read , it's to hard or I don't want to .
The best way to get out of reading was reading a magazine .
Sure , it's educational but it also can demoralize some people's thoughts and feelings .
One way to get rid of this problem is censorship , or taking a specific book out of the hands of the public .
We all have poked fun at people , whether it is to hurt them or just give them a hard time , it can hurt people .
Same way with the media .
Books , magazines , @LOCATION1 , and the internet all are competing for the success and money of its viewers , and the best wat to do that is to appeal to the audience .
Give them what they want .
For some reason everyone wants to demoralize people , and that is where I think it @CAPS1 the @CAPS3 .
Stand up for your rights and censor out those things that will lead to worse lives of those to come .
Censorship @MONTH1 just be a big word to most people , but it carries a big problem .
For me , it @CAPS1 the @CAPS3 whenever racism is a problem or else vulgarity is an obscene message .
The music we listen to can get really intense .
I 'm a victim of the harsh music that we play more and more of today .
Atleast the radio is trying to do better at this whenever they 'bleep ' out the curse words or else persuade the artist to make clean lyrics that they play on air .
That is where places are trying to clean things up .
Make tomorrow be a better place than today .
With all of these new @CAPS5 ( Music @CAPS6 ) shows and other reality sitcoms making air on @CAPS6 , it has opened the door to crudeness all over .
They try to do a better job of cleaning it up in the sense of picture , censoring out body parts and on the worldwide coverage stations their mouths .
Other stations like @CAPS5 don't do anything about the voices and the vulgarity people are showing and feeling towards each other .
Books are another thing that could use some censorship .
@CAPS2 teacher used to tell me , ' @CAPS8 , if you can't read it out loud to me , then you shouldn't probably be reading it . '
and I agree .
With the technology and all the other things , children are more vulnerable to these harsh words and actions .
Thus , leading towards a society who can't trust anyone and easily turns to vulgarity when need be .
With the world today , it is quiet easy to listen to the uncensored version that is shed from the radio .
One person tries to make tomorrow a better place but the next tries to demoralize it .
It's one thing if your angry and upset and are standing up for your rights but it's not whenever you do it for the fun of it .
That is where it @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3