Censorship is a two sided question .
There are people who believe that everything should be left the way that it is written .
While other people believe that subjects that are offinisve should be removed .
Is a subject too graphic for students ?
People have the freedom of speech .
Knowledge is power .
These are some reasons that can be thought about be for deciding if censoship is right or not .
What is too offinsive for a student to read ?
In history many things are considered offensive .
If all the books that talk about history are gone then how will students be able to learn about the past .
If students can't learn about the past than the past is bound it repeat itself .
Other books like horror books are for entertainment purposes , so what is wrong with someone reading a book on a murder if its just for entertainment ?
There are books that must be kept so that students can learn to their full abilities .
If books are censored than that takes away a persons right to freedom of speech .
That restricts somes creativity and since of wonder .
If certain books are taken off the shelves of a library than books that are famous now @MONTH1 have never have been read .
Books even if they are offensive can show someones thoughts and ideas that could have changed the world .
People everywhere learn from books .
Books about the past help people understand what to do different for the future .
Many things are learned from books everyday and if certain books are taken down there will be things that will never be learned , bacuse someone thought that the book was not appropriate for a student to read .
Students read books about the past so that they learn .
The past is the best teacher and when the past is gone there is no way for those students to learn about the past .
Having books that are said to be offinsive can help in @MONTH1 ways .
All books should remain on the shelves .
No matter what the book talks about a student can learn from that book .
If the book is something that a student doesn't want to learn about than they don't have to read the book .
A lot can be learned from books and without books there can not and will not be knowledge that is spread for future generations to come .