Libraries contain thousands and thousands of books and other materials .
Within those books , magazines , and movies holds much knowlege , information in the non-fiction selection , and many entertaining and good morals in the fiction selection of books .
If libraries began censoring their books , much information will be disclosed for no one in the public to read .
The goverment could have multiple reasons as to why they feel certain books should be taken off the shelf .
Some possible reasons could be they are racist , send the wrong message to children , or spread knowlege the @ORGANIZATION1 wants to keep away from the common man .
Cencoring books would be a horrible idea and affect everyone .
Some books that could easily be considered to be taken off the shelf would be books that are racist , or sugest radical ideas .
Everyone in the world is deemed equal and books witch suggest one race , is better than another could offend the readers and for which the @ORGANIZATION1 decides to have it taken off the shelf .
Books that suggest radical ideas could also belong in the group of books being taken off the shelf .
The @ORGANIZATION1 could be worried that the reader @MONTH1 carry out this radical/terrorist idea and would in return censor them .
But censoring these ideas would be denying the public their chance to learn , there are racists everywhere and just because you simply toss the book away , won't suddenly rid the world of racists .
Another cause why books or magazines @MONTH1 be removed from the shelves could be that the send the wrong message to children or contain vulgar content .
Parents try the best they can to repel the content away from their children , and books they begin to read wether it be on their own or in school could introduce kids of all ages to new content , their parents @MONTH1 not prefer them learning at their age .
Parents @MONTH1 have a point , but children can not be protected from everything , they must learn and accept certain ideas as they grow and develop .
Parents @MONTH1 be able to censor what their children read in their own home , but to take the books or movies entirely off the shelf would prevent the people , who enjoy or see comedy in these articles , movies , music , or books , to learn aquire knowledge , even if their only purpose of reading is just for laughs .
Censoring @MONTH1 also be introduced into libraries because the @ORGANIZATION1 does not want the public learning and developing ideas on what they think the right idea of doing something is that the @ORGANIZATION1 disagrees with .
They @MONTH1 think if people start learning and developing opinions from books they 've read , they @MONTH1 start to oppose the @ORGANIZATION1 , although people are always going to oppose the @ORGANIZATION1 , not everyone will like what is going on , and to have a growing society and economy , knowledgable people are needed to invent develop concepts .
In terms of race and religion , everyone is considered equal , but in terms of level of @CAPS1 , everybody varies from one another .
Which could be another reason to censor , so the public stays at the same level as their neighbors , so everyone is truely equal .
Doing this would once again stop the modernization of the world , smart people would go unrecognized and the inventions that could have been stirring in their heads could turn to a blank thought , which is the same as everyone else's .
In the book @CAPS2 @NUM1 , Censorship is the main idea in this book .
They censor the books so that everyone is truely equal , and even censor so that peoples looks and qualities all are equal to the others .
This is not the way to go in @CAPS3 society .
The @ORGANIZATION1 would have full control , and knowledge would not be blossoming in the schools .
Even just a little bit of censoring in libraries , whether it be books , magazines , music , or movies , would put a damper in the knowledge and brain power of the society around .
Censoing books is an awful idea that should never be put into place .
The @ORGANIZATION1 should never be allowed to decide what the public views .
It is in everyones own opinion and interest whether they themselves read or listen to the material provided .