There are many things out in the 'material ' world that people take offense to .
No matter what , there are always those people who have to be against whatever it is , whether it be a book or a song or a movie .
But they do not have any idea what they are doing when they bring up their 'rights ' .
If they get to say that they are offended by the certain media product , not only do they announce that they have the right to try to have it banned , but they are giving the people who do not find offense in the material to dish out the same .
If they can pull something off the shelves that they 'find offense to ' , then everyone @CAPS4 a right to .
Another thing is that they claim to find offense to the song or book or movie , but if it bothers them that bad , they should just not listen/read/watch what @CAPS5 it is that they are feeling offends them .
It would be that simple , just switch radio stations , or pick up another book , or watch a different movie .
Another thing that the 'offended ' people can try is having an open mind .
It would make everything far less dramatic .
People that say that they have offense to whatever the material @MONTH1 be usually use the phrase ' @CAPS1 it's offensive and i don't want my kid to stumble across it . '
They say that they have a right to take whatever the 'offensive material ' is off the shelf and keep it from the public .
They couldn't be more right and stupid at the same time !
If they have a right to take a certain thing off the shelf , then @ORGANIZATION1 ( the writer of the song/book/movie ) can claim that he @CAPS4 been offended by some song/book/movie that the first person likes .
Then it's just a free-for-all for everyone one to start taking everything off the shelves , one by one .
Everyone @CAPS4 the same rights , and if the first offended person uses them to bring @ORGANIZATION1 down , then @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS4 the right to do the exact same thing .
So the government shouldn't let things be taken off of shelves , because if they take one down , they might as @CAPS1 take everything else down with it .
So , if some one finds offense to a song they hear on the radio , and they feel that strongly as to they want it removed from radios and anywhere that plays music , then they need help .
When they find that song THAT offensive , then there is only one simple solution : turn the freaking radio to something else !
Seriously , if someone finds the song offensive , then why are they going to sit there and listen to the entire song ?
Or if they find a book offensive .
Would I sit and read an entire book if I don't like the content ?
Umm , no .
If some one is that offended by whatever the material is , then they need to just do something else , because it's pretty rediculous to waste more time attempting to ban the song or the book that to just change the radio or find a different book .
So if you 're going to complain about the song or book being out there , just take your attention to something else , because every song , book , or movie out there @CAPS4 a right to be sold .
On a light note , they could just have an open mind so that the song , or the book , or the movie can still be sold .
They can try and read through the book to see if there is a reason that the author @CAPS4 written it this way .
If they are conflicted by a movie , they should just watch it and test it to see if they really need to have it pulled off the shelf .
Or if they are listening to the song , listen to it all the way through , or maybe even twice .
The artist who sang the song might have been expressing themselves in a very deep way , and if someone pulls their song off the radio or where @CAPS5 it is played , then someone could be offending them in return .
Having an open mind will let the so called 'offended person ' see a whole other light being shown on why the 'offensive material ' was even created .
Then everything can stay ON the shelves !
People have opinions , and that is one hundred percent okay .
But sometimes people think that their opinions are the only opinions that matter .
If some people get offended ( or think they get offended ) by something , they would try to removed whatever it was from the nations stores .
But if they just sit back and think about it , then it would be okay .
If they have a right to remove anything from the shelves , so does everyone .
If that @CAPS2 @CAPS3 song really , really offends they , they should just change the radio station and forget about it .
And if they have open minds as to why the things are still 'out there ' , then all the songs , and all the books , and all the movies will still be on the shelves for people to buy .
I do not approve of removing anything from stores just because one person feels like if they don't like it , then it absolutly @CAPS4 to go .
No , they world doesn't just revolve around one person , and it never , @CAPS5 will .