Personally I believe that items that are found offensive should be left on the book shelves .
People that find them offensive don't have to read them they can just ignore them and move on with their life .
Students @MONTH1 need to use that certain information in a classroom .
If libraries take the information out of the library the students will not be able to find the info needed for their project or paper .
Students will eventually learn all about these offensive magazines , movies , music , and books someday in their lifetime .
If offensive books are taken down where else will they go , they are still going to be offensive somewhere else .
Libraries who have offensive books are not trying to offend anyone in anyway , they are on the shelves for the education of the reader or viewer .
If movies are that offensive , don't rent them and save yourself and the libraries time .
People get offended by all of these readings from a certain library , if the library chooses not to take the books off the shelves then go to a different library .
Also the internet will more than likely have all of the information that is just as offensive .
Internet is a virtual library , you can search videos , books , magazines , and music .
If people think they are getting rid of the offensive books , magazines , etc .
They are wrong because the internet will hold that information for as long as it needs to .
Library censorship is a pointless act due to the information provided on the internet .
Libraries should be able to choose the books and information that they have in their building .
As long as those books , music , magazines , movies , etc , are put in the right section .
The movies that parents don't want their children to see @MONTH1 be placed in the wrong section of the library .
In that point of view you could see why parents are getting upset about inappropriate items on the shelves .
The books should be divided so that children have their own section of the library and adults have their own section as well .
Most of these offensive items are not placed in libraries because of this problem with people being offended .
Movies that are that offensive should probably be in a movie store that states that the movies are offensive and could be inappropriate .
Maybe people over react to the situation and don't realize that the movie , book , etc , are not offensive enough to make an argument over it .
I personally have never been to a library and saw a book , magazine , movie , song that was offensive to me or my family .
What does an offensive book look like ?
More than likely it has something to do with someone's religion , ethnicity , etc .
Items are only offensive to certain people .
If you or someone you know that is offended greatly by a book , song , magazine , or movie in a specific library don't go back or tell the person you know as well .
In conclusion if a book , movie , etc , is that offensive in a library near by , avoid that library and don't worry about going back .
Offensive material could also be learning material