@CAPS2 , I do believe that book , music , mvies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from shelves if they are taken offensive .
Poeple should not be putting stuff out there if they are making others feel not happy about what they do .
Althought , we might think that putting stuff in papers and on movies , don't hurt people .
Well guess what they do @CAPS1 of all , movies that have stuff to deal with sexual relationships .
For example , gender marrage , they say that people should not marry the same sex .
They make fun of them because they are not like others and they can take that very offensive .
Very little people like being with the same sex .
By us putting them in book , on movies , or making song to make them feel offensive is not the best way to go .
Another one is about special needs , movie or book that have to deal with people putting down others that have special problems .
Although , they don't show that thier sad it don't mean that we didn't offened them in a way .
Families that have a special needs child , sister , brother , mom or dad don't like it very much when someone outs something out there about their problem that they @MONTH1 have .
Also , they will feel really upset and sometimes can get mad for that .
Most importantly , books or movies making fun of people that don't have a lot of stuff .
It's not their fault that they don't have the money to buy stuff like others .
For example , a nice house or nice clothes , most families have problems trying to pay rent and do other bills if only one parent is working .
A lot of parents that work are gettin laid off are not even gettin paid for it .
Worst of all , a famliy member ( like someone who lives in the house ) @MONTH1 have to go to the hospital and whe you go to the hopstial you have to pay for the bills .
Some families are in and out of the hospital year after year and they don't have the money to pay for new stuff for the house or the people who live in it .
In conclusion , @CAPS2 .
i do believe that they shoukd take certain books , movies , mafazines , ect.
, off the shelves because they can be taken offensive .
We don't know how rude it is to have something out there that makes fun of someone in a way until it's to late .
Many people really don't like it when they see something out there thats offensive to them .
They don't know how to react about it and they get frustrated