Censorship in libraries has gotten to strict making the next generation miss key lessons learned about life .
How would you feel if you went to the library and as an adult would only be able to check out childrens books , magazines , and music ?
Now i know thats a little extreme but in all seriousness what are we without knowledge ?
Where would we be if there was no books , magazines , or music left ?
No libraries means no knowledge , no books , no life lessons , no imagination , and above all no excitement .
we would de-evolve back into our animal-like state , because in all actuality we humans have only one thing that has given us the power to become so advanced and smart , our brains .
There was once a quote by which i live my life by , it went like this 'if knowledge is power then books must be the means of getting that power ' .
From my own knowledge and views of the world i will give you my argument on censorships and how they effect libraries .
Censorship , what do we all think of when we as americans say censorship ?
I think of bad thing like cuss words , nudity , and battle scenes .
The thing about these is they are displayed in different ways such as music .
an example of music not being censored would be rap .
go ahead get the explicit version of that rap song or sometimes it might already be bad enough .
I personnely don't like rap so this opinion is biased , I more like a rock and metal music .
people like music and it takes away from our freedom , if you don't like what they are saying just don't listen to it .
Another subject of intrest when we talk about censorship issues is magazines .
We all at some point have seen or learned of naughty magazines like playboy .
Now im all for making sure those type of magazines stay out of school libraries , but public libraries should have their own adult sections were we might not put playboys but stuff like hunting magazines , or hot rod magazines line the adult sections shelves .
The last thing that is subjected to rather extreme censorship is books .
Lets be honest we all had a favorite book when we were little or as we grew up .
One such book that is an absolute classic is 'The @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' its currently being removed because it has like one or two cuss words in it .
I mean really people its a great book but at the first sign of a cuss word everbody starts shouting burn it .
Now many of the following generations will never get to read that classic because people took it out of libraries .
i feel that people should learn to relax andnot fret over one or two cuss words because that is apparenly all it takes to ruin a great book .
So whats my final conclusion ?
when does our first amendment right to free speech with censorship and too much censorship meet ?
Apparently in libraries where one can't read @ORGANIZATION1 , wood craftmanship , or listen to music that involves cuss words .
In my personnel opinion i think that adults should have their own section uncensored , teens should have only censorship on things like nudity , and children well they are just right on this subject no more censorship is needed .
So i ask you , the one who grades my essay to just stop and think with an open mind how long do you hide your children or your grandchildren form the real world .
In the real world these things are deamed acceptable if they weren't exceptable they wouldn't be out there to begin with .
Truly if you decide to take out classics like @PERSON1 we lose not only knowledge and the story we lose our freedom