Yes , some materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, are offensive.Yet they shouldn't be removed from shelves.Reason number one is : @CAPS1 some people find offensive , others don't .
Reason number two is : 'offensive ' material will @CAPS6 be out in the world.And finally , if parents don't want their children reading offensive material , they should only ban their children from reading them and not the rest of the world .
In @CAPS2 following essay , I will explain thoroughly my reasons for an opinion as such .
'
@CAPS1 is one man's trash is another man's treasure . '
@CAPS2 quote goes very well with the first reason : @CAPS1 some people find offensive , others don't .
People's views about everything could be significantly different .
For example , a book about @PERSON1 killing the @CAPS3 could be offensive to someone with @CAPS4 descent , meanwhile , a book filled with cursing could be offensive to a religous person .
As you can see , 'offensive ' is defined differently by different people .
Offensive material will @CAPS6 be out in the world .
Parents can't shelter their child from these things forever .
At one point in their lives , children will learn offensive things and parents won't be able to do anything about that .
Children have actives mind that pick up on everything around them .
If they learn from these offensive materials , then parents should teach them @CAPS1 is wrong and @CAPS1 is right .
Finally , if parents don't want their children reading offensive material , they should only ban their children from reading them and not the rest of the world .
@CAPS2 reason ties in perfectly with the first .
Parents can't decide @CAPS1 the parents of other children should do .
They can only do something about @CAPS1 their children are doing .
Therefore , my belief on censorship in libraries is nonexistant for the following reasons .
@NUM1 .
)
@CAPS1 some people find offensive , others don't .
@NUM2 .
)
Offensive material will @CAPS6 be out in the world .
And @NUM3 .
)
If parents don't want their children reading offensive material , they should only ban their own children from reading them and not the rest of the world .
Thus , there should be no censorship in libraries