Should we censor the materials in libraries ?
Some people believe that some of the books , magazines , and music in libraries are too vulgar and obscene .
This could be a major problem if people are allowed to say what is too obscene to be put in a library .
Katherine Paterson makes a great point by saying that if everyone was allowed to take books , magazines , and music that they find inappropriate off the shelves , there would be nothing left for us .
Books have been around for centuries .
They are passed on , shared , and enjoyed by people all over the world .
Books contain important information , stories , and tales of people's past times .
Therefore , I do not believe that certain books should be banned from libraries .
By taking away books in libraries , you are taking away the author's freedom of speech .
Also , technology is rapidly advancing , and sometime in the future , I think libraries will become extinct .
With all of the new devices we have @DATE1 , people can just get their books online .
Magazines are a great tool to advertise and talk about some major topics happening around the world .
Magazines are a great thing to read when you want to catch up on news , sports , or just other miscellanious topics .
With that said , magazines can also be bad for public libraries due to some of the explicit content .
This is a reason on why some people would want to get rid of magazines from libraries , but I don't think they should be banned .
By getting rid of magazines , you take away company's freedom of press , which is a major issue .
Refering to the previous paragraph , technology is growing , and it is very easy to just go and look at news , sports , and other topics on the @CAPS1 .
That is why I do not think magazines should be taken out of libraries .
My final discussion is music .
Music has also been around for many centuries and it has done many things .
Music is something everyone can relate to .
No matter who you are , you probably have some favorite band , music artist , or genre of music that you prefer .
By saying this , I do not think music should be taken out of libraries either .
Taking away music is like taking away humans natural culture .
We all enjoy it , but have different versions that we enjoy .
Therefore , I do not think it would be wise to take away music from libraries .
In conclusion , libraries are nothing without all the history , stories , news , and music that is inside of it .
Censoring the libraries would not be a good idea and it would most likely upset many people .
It is true that with technology that libraries @MONTH1 eventually become extinct .
Until that happens , I hope they do not censor their materials .