Most movies , magazines , music , and books are considered offensive to at least one person in this world .
These materials often fall victim to censorship and are challenged daily to be banned , especially books .
Mothers and fathers do have the right to prohibit such materials , but they do not have the right to ban them from all the world's children .
Whatever the reasoning should be censorship is wrong .
It restricts the @ORGANIZATION1 of the writer , the @ORGANIZATION1 of the reader , and , as Katherine Paterson well put it , would result in 'no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS1 to the @ORGANIZATION1 everyone has the freedom of speech and the freedom of press .
This does not exempt writers or artist who occasionally , or more than occasionally , include explicit content in their works .
In every book there a message the writer is tyring to tell his or her audience .
How they go about getting that message across is their own business , and they have all @ORGANIZATION1 to do so in anyway they @MONTH1 wish .
People who wish not to see the writer's message have the right not to .
But when they fear the message and try to stop anyone else from seeing or hearing it , then they are violating the @ORGANIZATION1 of the writer by telling them they can not include the offensive material .
Most writer's include this material for a reason .
For example , swear words , such as the ones argued in @PERSON2 , often times show the characters ' traits and also improve the setting .
During those times , people did call @CAPS2 @CAPS3 by explicit names , even those who were in no way prejudice .
That was the way of life for them and the author was simply trying to show that to the reader .
By censoring the word from text , people were , in a way , covering up the history of the @CAPS4 @CAPS5 .
Every person over the age of eighteen has the right to read anything they wish .
They are no longer under the commands of their legal gaurdians and in no way are under the command of other children's parents .
Parents who prefer their own children not to see or listen to certain materials have the right to censor the materials away from their children .
On the other hand , they have no right to tell their neighbors what and what not their children can see .
Every parent has different rules and guidelines for their children , and this is their right .
They @MONTH1 believe that it is important for their children to be exposed to these certain materials early on in life so that they can learn right from wrong from the very start .
It is possible that they even might not care .
Whatever the cause @MONTH1 be they have the right to expose their children to anything they see appropriate .
For example , @PERSON3 is an author who has been challenged throughout her entire career .
Many of her books include the topic of menstration , which many parents found inappropriate for their grade school children to read .
Therefore , those parents brought the books to the attention of the school board , who quickly removed the books from its library shelves .
Many parents , librarians , and teachers were upset by this and argued that the topic was not at all harmful .
In fourth grade girls are required to watch a video on the topic of puberty and in fifth grade many girls begin to go through these changes themselves .
So how is it inappropriate for them to read fictional books that include the topic ?
Many parents believe it is not and even encouraged their children to read the books , but the other parents who found it offensive reuined these parents ' children's right to read .
Therefore , in the long-run , censorship is wrong .
It restrict the @ORGANIZATION1 of the audience and of the writer , which prevents growing experiences for both .
If everyone was to ban one book they found offensive , the world would be without any books and become quite dull .
No one would be able to read and no one would be able to express themselves freely .