All of the materials in a library shold have to be check out of the library before anyone can take them out of the library .
Which the librarian should make sure that anything that goes out of the library should have to be checked out before a student can take the materials out of the library .
the topics that are going to be talked about are : why materials have to be checked out of the library , what happens if you do not check out the materials , and what happens if you lose the materials that you check out of the library .
Materials that the library has is for everyone to check out if they want to check anything out of the library .
So , then the librarian will be able to tell a student if they want a book , music , movie , magazine , ect.
, the librarian can tell the student if the material is in or is checked out of the library .
Then , the student will be able to check out the material or can ask the librarian to hold the material when it comes back in for the student .
Then , the whole school can be running smoothly senice the librarian can keep track of the materials that is in the library .
If you do not check out the materials that lis in the library nobody will be able to see where the materials are at .
Which , if you checked out materials out of the library the librarian can track it down for you .
So , if you do not check it out the librarian will not be able to track down any of the material that is in the library .
So , then the librarian can not tell a student where the materials are at and then the materials is out of the library and noone can check it out .
Then , the librarian has to wait til the person that took the materials out of the library brings the materials back to the library so that it will be able to be check out by the person that wanted it when it was out of the library .
If you check something out of the library and you lose it you will have to pay for it .
When you lose something from the library , that means that noone will be able to check it out until it eithers gets returned or you have to pay the librarian the money for a new one .
Then the next person that wanted it will have to wait even longer to get the lmaterials because you lost the libraries copy of the materials that you check out .
Then the librarian will have to make sure that the next person that wanted the materials will be able to get it when ever it came back in the library .
Then , the person that lost the material should not be able to check anything out of the library anymore thay can only sit in the library to reas the materials that they either want to read or have to read for a project for a grade for one of their classes .
Also , if you do not check the materials out of the library , and you lose it the the librarian will not be able to track down the materials for anyon that wants it so the check it out .
These are just some of the many reasons why you have to check out materials from the library .
There is alot more reasons you hve to check out materials from the library .
So , then the librarian will be able to keep up with all of the materials that is in the library , and any person can check out any material that they either want or need for a class and it does not have to stay in the library when ever you want it