Books , Music , Movies , and Magazines have been taken off the shelvs.we are forever more blocking or cesoring these items .
reasons why iot is a good idea is because their are children parents and religeous people who are so agains some of the thngs that are brodcasted if you want something uncensored then you can buy or rent an unrated version .
children are our future , why would you carrupt a mind so young and innocent ?
If your child is one second watching @CAPS1 and happy as can be and the next watching people being killd and the @CAPS2 bombs being droped that will forever be threre in his or hers mind .
i dont think you would be to happy if your child was piucking up valgure language from the @CAPS3 or @CAPS4 .
Picture it your @NUM1 year old talking to you and then says an innappropreate word not knowing where it came from you just ignor it then that vacabulary grows into words and sentances much worse turning thins child into a bit of a potty mouth maybe even violent .
we dont want our future presidents and authorities to be so violent that they put the woukd in danger just because they got if off the @CAPS3 do we ?
Parents have the right to watch what they want but also have the authority to put a stop to what they dont want them and their @CAPS11 to view or even hear.More families these days enjoy taking car rrides together and vacations watching @CAPS3 and listening tgo the @CAPS4 as they go one minute they are all singing happy as can be unti a song with a bunch of innopproppreate words come on its not only dissrespectful but embarrasing to listen to your kids sing along to it .
parents dont want to listen to that so they turn it off everything is fine until they hear them again singing to their music divices @CAPS2 , @CAPS8 , @CAPS9 , bombs all around the car their is no escape thats when parents should have a say to what their children are not only watching but listening and reading also .
Books about @CAPS14 @CAPS13 and @CAPS15 are not something an @NUM2 year old should be reading we dont need them to be a bunch of stoners parents eaither .
One minute you think you are reading a book about love and rommance next you read that the character is smoking a joint .
People with strong religeouns dont want to be watching @CAPS3 late at night and then be watching on @CAPS11 gut that @CAPS12 is doing @CAPS13 and sleeping with all these girls yes it @MONTH1 be funny to those non believers but to those who have a relligion it is just dissrespectful .
Then listening to music hearing about people with no religion them lighting fires to crosses and using valgure language and the lords name in vein.not something they want to hear .
When it comes to reading a book the religious have a strong oppinion on what should be read so they usually stick to the @ORGANIZATION1 but whjat happens when their kids go to school to fiind a fake @ORGANIZATION1 with nothing but lies and dirty pictures in it ?
@CAPS3 shows , Music , Books , and magazines should always be censored it not only gives a good example for everyone but it helps us as a community to stay strong .
Not being violent or cursing after everything you say is not going to hurt anyone .
Why would you want a future president to be a violent killing machine ?
the environment we grow up in is how we turn out @CAPS13 , @CAPS14 , and @CAPS15 being read about or heard is not the way to be