Censorship is method of limiting certain contant that has been deemed inapropriate .
This method is widely used today in the modern world .
Censorship is used most commonly with our movies , video games , and television .
If other forms of entertainent like television and internet utilize such methods shouldn't our libraries.Also if these methods are not made manditory should there be a block on certain tittles that our children could get there hands on .
This limiting agent called censorship can be very usefull in our everyday lives .
Censorship could allow us to keep track of what our children and teens view .
This agent can currently be installed on such products as our televisions , computers , and phones .
So if the procautionary measuers are being taken on the following products wouldn't it be appropriate for the actions to also be in our libraries .
Shouldn't our libraries be a place for children to waunder through the shelves picking up and reading books at random without the thought of picking up an inaproiate book for their age group .
Personally that is what a library should be like to me .
Discussing the topic that was touched on before .A block should be manditory for libraries .
This block would not abolish the books completly but rather would limit their viewing audience .
The books should be cateragized by age group .
And with the block certain children , based on age , would not be able to enter the section and would prevent certain materals from reaching children that are not mature enough .
Certain materials should not be view by younger children .
That is not only a statement based on opinion but also of fact .
The factual experiance comes into play when young children are reading and looking at pictures that were intended for maturer audiences .
These tittles heavily influence a childs thoughts and actions .
Just the other day a cousin of mine no older than @NUM1 years old was watching two individuals of the opposite sex and began asking questions such as : when are they going to kiss ?
or why is he not touching her ?
These questions do not come naturally but only through her viewing of material that she was not ready to view .
The origin of these question will probably never be known but there are ways to prevent such topics from being brought up and that is censoring what children read , view or listen to in our libraries