Your @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are many things done and said in this world today that people take offense to .
It could be something someone said about one's relgion , or taking away @CAPS1 of others .
Do you believe that books , music , movies , magazines , and articles should be taken off the shelves at stores just because people find it offensive ?
I don ' @CAPS3 believe it should work that way .
@CAPS2 are a variety of different relgions , races , and beliefs in this world , so if we took something off the shelf everytime found it offensive we would have nothing left to sell .
When it comes to younger children they are not going to know what to think and believe .
When seeing and hearing things , children start to believe it .
The media that adults find offensive should not be published and out in the open for children to see and listen to .
Even though the kids @MONTH1 not take offense to any of the media , you still have to think about the parents and what they believe is right for their children .
Many effects on life are put into the media everyday for everyone to see , and some parents @MONTH1 not find it suitable for their children to be hearing about it .
Drugs , alcohol , and curse words have a big effect on children and their lives today .
I believe it is our responsibiltyto protect from all harm until they are old enough to fight for themselves , and make their own judgements .
Our religion is a big part of your life because it determines what we believe in , and in we think is right or wrong .
Your parents teach you the way they want you to act and teach you the difference between what they think is right and wrong .
I was taught to always be respectful to others and try my hardest in whatever it is I @MONTH1 do .
Some people @MONTH1 have an actor or actress as their role model , so whenever they see that certain person on @CAPS3.V.
, you tend to think that whatever they do is okay for you to do .
Some parents @MONTH1 take offense to a show on the television because they don ' @CAPS3 believe that is right for their kid to be watching .
While others don ' @CAPS3 see a problem with it .
So if we cancel that show on @CAPS3.V.
, you are making one family happy and many others upset .
When it comes to the movies , people have their own different ratings for movies , but the state rates them whenever they come out .
Now at movie theaters you must be eighteen to see a @CAPS5 rated movie , or you must have a parent with you because you going by yourself and your parents not knowing get upset those of manys .
With libraries and movie theaters they have what the state thinks is for adults only in their own little section .
My parents believe that if @CAPS2 is a law for something it is @CAPS2 for a reason and we are going to obide them .
As with some parents they have their own rules .
Such as some parents think it's okay for their children to drink under age as long as they stay home with them and they know what is going on .
A few years ago my little cousin was watching a movie with me that was rated @CAPS6 .
I didn ' @CAPS3 think anything of it and just turned they movie on and we watched it .
It had a few words in it that his parents didn ' @CAPS3 agree to him watching , and he really liked the movie .
His favorite quote from the movie was something his parents did not want him hearing at his age .
He didn ' @CAPS3 know any better and since he thought it was so great , he was walking up to people saying that quote .
His mother was not happy and asked where he had heard it from and he told her the movie , and she didn ' @CAPS3 think that he needed to be saying that and he got in trouble .
I told her it was my fault , I let him watch the movie and didn ' @CAPS3 think anything of it because my parents let me watch it when I was his age .
It just comes to show that , @CAPS2 are many different things in this world today that not everyone is going to agree on .
So if we took something off the shelf because someone took offense to it , we would have nothing left in this world today .
We learn about the things we do in life because the state has requirements that have to be passed .
What we learn outside of school is up to your parents based on what they believe .
So if @CAPS2 is something out @CAPS2 you don ' @CAPS3 believe in stay away from it , and let those who do believe in it enjoy learning about it