How many of you out there absolutely love to read ?
Well , im going to be the first to confess that I do not prefer reading .
Meanwhile , whether or not I prefer or differ readings of all types , I despise of any negative books .
Censoring books is very important in today's lifestyle .
One can make an inference by looking at the cover of a book .
The cover oftens creates a vivid image and will usually promote a general idea .
Let's look at some reasons why I feel that graphic or offensive books should be removed from book shelves .
What about the younger children who like to read ?
Although kids have a wild imaginaion , authors should't fill their heads with too many crazy ideas .
First of all , kids now days either grab a book from the shelf and show interest very quickly , or automatically assume it's not for them .
Furthermore , when a kid comes across a very offensive book it could hurt there feelings .
Books are supposed to provide eductional information or be entertaining .
They should not be dirty , nor discouraging towards certain people .
More importantly , how many different races are there here in @LOCATION1 , or even all around the world ?
Many different races take interest in new books to learn new ways .
When they come across books that are not teaching for all races or are actknowledging bad examples on thier kind , they feel discouraged .
Whether it's a movie , magazine , books , or even a song , never should it be offensive towards anyone .
When authors , publishers , song writers , or movie producers release these items , they do not think of the surroundings .
Thier main concept is to entertain , but sometimes entertainment can be quite bashful .
Most importantly , if it contains sexual gestures it should be removed without debate .
It's offensive to parents with young children who visit libraries .
A public library which is open to all , should have sections for books , movies , cd's or magazines that are too vivid .
There's a wide range of books laying around and one @MONTH1 come across one that is strongly offensive .
I believe they should have a word in whether or not the book belongs on the shelf or not .
I 've not experienced it yet , but believe me it could happen anytime in our world today .
If i was a parent I wouldn't encourage sexual magazines or books being shown at a public library .
Finally , during this debate older or more dirty minded people will counterargue this topic .
Who says children should be allowed in the adult sections ?
Why are the discouraged people reading books that are setting bad examples ?
Those are some of the questions you will here for those who counter what I 've written today .
Adults should be allowed there own personal section for adultlike books , movies , or magazines .
Kids under age should stick to searching for books in areas or fields that will provide interest for them .
In conclusion , those who counterargue could be on the winning side , however I still believe offensive books should be removed from shelves .
Book lovers all around the world want enteratinment , but in good ways .
The younger children of our time right now need to be influenced the proper way .
Furthermore , there is no better way to help improve society than by removing offensive and noninfluential books from libraries .
Lets make an inference and say , if we work to remove these offensive books , younger children will become more educated .