What happened to everyone having the right to have freedom of knoledge ?
I do not believe that certain materials should be removed only for the reason that someone finds it 'offensive ' or 'inappropriate ' .
Our youth have the right to access these materials .
Kids should have that right because it allows more access to knoledge , it provides more realistic details about life , and keeps them from being shut out from the world around them .
We can not deprive children of that .
First of all , all children and students at schools all over should have access to more knoledge .
If certain materials are censored and taken away , they can not access that type of learning .
What if a student wants to learn more about how goverment and politics work by reading an an article .
But then , the article is taken away because of one small comment in it .
We can not take away our aspiration to learn more about the world .
Secondly , it can give a more realistic image of a person , place , thing , or event .
Explicit content can give children more details about how things really are in life .
If that is taken away , they might have a different understanding of how things really are and have different expectations of things .
This might have an emotional or psycalogical impact on them once they see the real world .
They should be well informed of what life is like in further detail to avoid confusion once they get to that point .
Finally , they could be shut out from the world if everything is kept from them because of censorship .
Being kept from that kind of knoledge can be an emotional strain .
A friend of mine had parents that kept her from many things in the world around her , blinding her from what she should have known .
As she got older , things became harder and harder for her .
And now , she is affraid of many things out in the real world .
This is all because her parents had used cencorship to keep her from knowing what was important .
Our students should always have access to knoledge , details about life , and not kept from knowing enough to have an undertanding of things in our modern world .
We can not allow censorship to make such irrational descisions about what we do and do not have access to .
And if it has such a negative impact on society and our youth , why isn't it censored