Libraries are places of learning .
Books , magazines , movies , and all types of media are placed there for the same specific purpose : to learn and explore .
When we visit libraries , we expect to find the information that we came there looking for .
Whether the topic is something as simple as wanting to learn about a type of flower or researching the infamous 'In @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' , we want the truth and information in its rawest form .
Materials should never be denied from the library .
It always has some kind of value .
Whether it be for cultural , spiritual , entertainment , or whatever kind of purpose , books can serve as a purpose for information and exploration into a new world .
Books that are viewed as 'censored ' , are only being viewed from one standpoint .
Another person might find this book exactly what they are looking for .
If someone sees a book as 'offensive ' they must step into another person's shoes and see where they are coming from ; where this type of information @MONTH1 be helpful to someone else .
Touchy issues such as the @CAPS3 or books to do with religion @MONTH1 be considered censored , but that's only concerning one group of people .
What about the other percentage ?
Now , don't get me wrong .
I don't think that racy or graphic movies or magazines should be allowed into the library , but any type of material containing legitiment cultural , educational , entertaining , and others of the sort , purposes should ever be denied from the library .
From working at a local library , I know that when people sign up to be a member of the library they sign an agreement that they know what kind of materials they can check out .
So forth for agreeing with what they 're allowing to let their children check out .
If parents and guardians think that libraries are pushing censored content on their children , they should read the fine print !
They are allowing their children to be exposed to this .
And all 'this ' is , is information and entertainment in the raw .
Libraries are created to allow an open access to information for anyone .
These materials should include information on any topic the library can get in their possession .
None should be denied .
People rely on libraries as a source of knowledge , and we need to work to keep that source ever growing