What if one day you took a trip to the library , and you came across a book that was offensive ?
Would you ask for it to be taken off the shelf or just ignore it ?
Every year tons of @CAPS1 visit libraries in search of a good book , threw act of observations and personal appeal .
Everyone has a different choose in the types of books they 'd like to read , with that comes offensive and non-offensive material .
Being a teen i 've had some experience visiting the library where things come across as offensive to me more easily than others but like many i choose to ignore it .
Reasons for ignoring it are rather simple , everyone has different takes on things in which they 've gathered since birth as we 'll as personal life experiences .
Because , everyone has different life experiences comes different views on what offends them or not .
Personal experiences i 've had in the library are from race seeing books that relate to the days of slavery @MONTH1 be offensive to me .
But , a book on the black panther organization maybe offensive to someone else .
So , does that mean it should be taken down off the shelf because it is offensive to both people ?
Books have diffent tones weither its on life , politics , or worldly issues that make different people feel different ways .
I 've observed plenty of times where someone feels uplifted from reading a book .
Where someone else reads the same thing and feels terrible .
Take a magazine for instance , one reader could look like that beautiful women in that magazine and feel great about themselves .
While maybe an overweight reader could read the same magazine and feel like there not beautiful or self worthy as the women in the magazine .
That overweight women could feel offended , while the other women feels amazing , because of that simple reason it shouldn't be taken off the shelves due to different views of what offends them and what doesn't .
Everyone reads books due to there liking and what relates to them .
If a book , magazine , or movie comes across as offensive then that reader probably won't pick it up to find out more about it .
When i come across material in a library that is offensive to me i won't read it .
Although i have picked up books that didn't come across as offensive , but after reading the material come to find out it was offensive .
In response i simply returned the book and chose another one .
If i walked into a library and saw a book that was offensive to me i wouldn't ask for it to be taken off the shelf i would simply ignore it .
Everyone has different views on what offense them so there's not much you can do except just ignore it .
If the case was that if a book were to offend someone and it was taken out of a library due to just that there would be no real need for a library