To the newspaper edits , Should books , music , movies , magzines , and other reading materials , be removed if the materials are view to be offensive ?
I do not think that is a good idea .
Reasons why is that just like what @PERSON1 an Author ( in the last sentence ) said if we remove books from shelfs there will be 'no more books for any of us to read ' .
That is true because I am sure there are lotts of books that @MONTH1 be offensive to people but maybe the readers who get offensive do not understand the materials that they read .
For example the topic of liking the same gender has become a problem , maybe the reader who gets offensived about those types of topics just do not understand it or @MONTH1 not get it .
An other reason why could be because we are in america , and the last time I checked we have the free will to write and talk about what we want to talk or write about .
Its fair to say that because well , it is true we has people of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 just have the 'right ' to say what they want to say or what is on their mind .
And just because the topic of the reading material offensives them does not mean you can take away the writers material .
Doing that is like putting duck tape on the writers mouth .
If the reader has the right to say what in on your mind then what is the maining of being free to write what you wish to write .
If you can see where I am coming from it takes a lott not to talk to a teacher or someone in a highter postition from the reader , about something you do not understand and they tell you 'you can not ask me that ' or 'do not say a thing to me ' it is the same if you remove the book from the writer .
Other reasons why to say no to removing the reading material could be because has humans we always are willing to learn something new , by @CAPS3 .
When a person reads they always learn something new .
It could be a new event , a place unknown , grammer , the diffrent styles of writing , or know more about the topic .
@CAPS3 in books , music , movies , and magazines is a good way to learn new things it is fun and what is better then @CAPS3 something fun ?
can not think of anything ?
well it is because @CAPS3 has a big role in our lives .
Another reason why not to remove the reading materials is because it @MONTH1 make other reads feel like they are not alone .
Like a true story about a break up , of a family or a relationship .
Or it could be a story base on something that happening to the writer like about a death of a loved @CAPS5 and how to deal with it .
Just picture it two @CAPS4 girls , @CAPS5 is mad at herself and at the world and hates a tape about angles .
While the other @CAPS4 girl just lost her grandmother and listening to the tape about angles makes her feel together or whole , knowing that her loved @CAPS5 is in a good place .
Now think about it the second girl would start to be like the first girl sad , alone , or leaved out .
When you take away a material like a small tape from the librarie's shelf you take away a feeling with it not only from the writer but from the reader's too .
Finally the last reason why not to remove the materials from the shelfs is because if you remove the material from the shelf it is likly that the topic is still there .
It could be on the radio , on the internet , on the @ORGANIZATION1 and what can you do delete all of that ?
it is not reality .
And if that could even happening which is unlikly that it would people can still talk .
And there is nothing that can stop people from talking .
'you can lock a bird in a cage but it still wants to fly away ' or 'you can tell a cat or a dog not to run away but when you turn away it is gone ' this are explambles of what I am trying to say , you can try to remove books , music , magazines , but the topic you dont like is still out there .
I understand that reading some materials @MONTH1 offend you but its better to just turn your head around and move on.The reader @MONTH1 not like the topic but others would and thats always good to think about .
And maybe the problem is that the reader does not get the topic then maybe you should read it to learn from it , and to give it a chance you @MONTH1 end up likeing it or understanding it better .
Books , music , movies , magazines there is a reason why they are out there and it could teach you something new so why not learn it .