I thnk the censorship in libraries @CAPS1 quite abominomal .
I think there should be no censorship , it @CAPS1 for the parents to decide what children can an can not watch .
I think if something @CAPS1 found offensive , then don't watch it , it's as simple as that .
If you don't want your children to watch anything offensive or rude , then don't let them .
What I think offensive , @CAPS1 when something @CAPS1 removed off shelves .
I think kids , though not yung kids , perhaps @NUM1 and up , should be able to watch and listen to what they want .
I think certain things that people find offensive , are only offensive to those kind of people .
It @MONTH1 not be offensive to someone else , so don't take that particular movie , or song out of libraries.A good example of this would be the book , To @CAPS2 A @CAPS4 .
It has been banned and then unbanned from many school libraries , because of its vulgar words and references to rape .
i think that @CAPS1 unfair because , wether we like it or not , children @NUM1 and over will most definatly hear rude and offensive things anyways .
I think books , or movies , or music , that have curse words , @CAPS1 a part of life , because most adults curse .
And taking those things away from a library @CAPS1 taking it away from adults as well as kids .
It @CAPS1 for the parents to decide when their kids hear these things , if at any time .
I also believe that using ' offensive ' remarks , @CAPS1 just another part of our history .
Take To @CAPS2 A @CAPS4 for instance , back in that time , it was common for black people to talk slang , and common for men to curse when mad .
That @CAPS1 just how people are and were .
Taking those things off the shelves , will not protect adolescents from hearing them .
I think they have rights to hear it if they want , and there parents have rights enough to let them .
I think songs that have words bleeped out over the radio @CAPS1 pointless because you teenager will know what they say anyway .
I think having books banned @CAPS1 a not wise thing to do , because it just makes kids want to hear the word more than usual .
Basically we have rights to hear and read those things .
Taking away the things we have rights to , @CAPS1 taking away our freedom and free will .
If parents don't want to have their children read or hear those things , then they need to supervise what they read or listen to .
It doesnt't make snese to single out a particular book , or song , that @CAPS1 just like singling out all songs and books