Everyone has found something offensive throughout their life .
However , many people find different things offensive than others .
There are many different topics that people are offended of whether it is race , religion , gender , etc .
If there is a book that you find offensive in a public library I do not think it should be removed .
It is like removing something just because one person does not like it .
That would not be fair to everyone else that goes to that library .
It @MONTH1 be offensive to you but to another person it @MONTH1 not be .
There are many reasons that book could be in the library .
It could help someone write a paper , to learn about a subject , or do some research on a topic .
If all the books , music , magazines , movies or any other item in a library was to be removed if one person found it offensive then there would hardly be any books at all left in the library .
I think all books should be kept in the library even if one person finds its offensive .
It could be offensive to them but not to someone else .
If one person finds a book offensive and another person doesn't then it is not fair to the one that isn't offened to not be able to check it out .
If the concern is if children check it out what they might be learning from it then that would be the parents fault for not supervising what their children are checking out .
The child @MONTH1 learn something new from the book .
Even if it is offensive you could still learn something from the book , movie , magazine , music , etc .
If you still read the book it could help you change your mind on the topic .
It @MONTH1 help other people change their mind by bringing new opinions about the topic to their mind that they have never thought of .
One condition on why a book , movie , magazine , music , etc would be removed would be if everyone agreed on it .
If everyone that came to that library was offended by it then it @MONTH1 be in the library's best interest to get rid of that book .
The main idea here is that all books that are in the library should stay in the library .
The author wrote it for a reason and it should be open to those who want to read it .
If one person does not like it then they should simply not check the item out .
If that was what happened everytime someone found something offensive in a library there would be hardly anything to check out .
Even if it is offensive to you it could come in handy for another person