I beleive censorship is a good thing ; to an extent .
I think that censorship deals with an age group and the permission of the parent ( s ) or guardian ( s ) .
If a consumer is the age of twelve and under ; then the consumer should buy the censored books and etc.
, but , if you are thirteen and above you should be able to buy product uncensored .
Some people do not like censored products because they feel it takes away from that particular thing .
Music , for example , alot of people get angry when the song lyrics on a @CAPS1 are censored .
It does not allow the people to get the full effect of the music and the 'message ' that the artist or band is sending .
With books ; people get upset because they can not get the full aspect of the book .
Censoring a book is like taking away part of a masterpiece .
Some books should be censored like alot of romance novels ; those get pretty graphic and go into alot of detail with sexual themes and content .
I do not think those books should be on the shelves .
In magazines ; it depends on the type of magazine the consumer is reading .
If a person is reading a politcal magazine ; those magazines do not put all of the true facts and details into them for certain reasons .
If a person is reading a hunting or fishing magazine ; then they can put in all the facts on the guns , calls , lures , and stories they want and do not have to censor them .
Movies , on the other hand , are censored on certain channels .
If you are watching a movie on a @CAPS2 network like @ORGANIZATION2 or @CAPS3 ; those channels censor movies .
If you watch movies on @ORGANIZATION1 or @CAPS4 they do not censor the movies because those are movie channels only .
That is also why movies have ratings .
R is for restricted to people under seventeen ( without an adult present ) , @NUM1 is for people of the ages sixteen and under without an adult .
and @CAPS5 and @CAPS6 are fine for any age group .
All in all ; censorship depends on what age group the consumer is in really .
If you are still in elementary school you probably should not be able to buy uncensored products ; if you are thirteen to about fifteen , you should be able to buy the product with permission from an adult , and if you are sixteen and older you should be able to buy the products uncensored with out an adult present because you know you can handle the 'offensive ' matierial