In my life time I have been to many libraries .
I also seen many diffrent catagories of books suck as comedy , fiction , non-fiction , drama , and etc .
As we all know there are many topics out thier that is not suitable for minors or suitable for many other ages .
Movies in this time and age reveal to much for you eyes .
For example in cartoons their are sexual content such as kissing .Some parents don't want their child expose to the kind of activity yet .
Movies somtimes put false beliefs in peoples mind about the way things are , going to be , or the why you sould see it.Their are also some good movies place in libraries such ass docomentries , history , biography , and etc .
Thats gives you good insite on how things was and hoe things are now .
Another topic is magazines .
Its strange things going on in the world that @CAPS1 sould be aware of the why we put them in magazines but children have easy access to them in libraries .
Picture that magzines have are images that sould be places in some magazines .
As there are bad things there are also good that come from magazine .
Magazines are in some ways just as useful as books .
They carry very helpful information .
Music is aslo a big topic thats placed in libraries .
Some of the lauguage thats is place on cd tracks are good BUT theirs alot of bad material that on them also .
So many people out the known as @CAPS2 say some very harsh and profaine words that many and children sould just not want to hear .
Like I said before as their is bad thier is much good .
We have gospel , jazz , @CAPS3 & @CAPS4 , and etc that many people enjoy listing to .
In conclusion thier are many things good that belongs in libraries but also many bad .
Libraries in my opinion sould take more caution on what people have access to .
Very easy a young child ( that can read ) can pick up a adult book go sit in a corner read and be expose to most things parents are expose to .
So in my opinion yes certin things should be removed from the shelves if the are found offensive .