Censorship in libraries is a very controversial topic that has conflicting views .
One side , in favor of censorship , believes that some literary material contained within a library could be offensive to some , and that it should be removed or censored .
The other side , in favor of free speech , believes that all literary material in a library should be kept , whether it is seen as offensive or not .
Of these two sides of such a controversial issue , it is evident that censorship should not be instilled within libraries , because of the right to free speech , the true meanings and expressions must be upheld , and it would take the oppurtunity to read such a work truly from an interested reader .
The first reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor is because of the right to free speech .
This right belongs to all citizens of @LOCATION1 , and shouldn't be taken away because one person @MONTH1 think something is offensive .
I have observed that many people will often attempt to steal this right from people , and this instillation of censorship will do just that to the authors .
This is the first reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor .
The next reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor is because this censorship @MONTH1 dull down the true meanings and expressive themes that literary works are meant to express .
An example of a story that would suffer from censorship is the famous 'The @CAPS1 of @ORGANIZATION1 . '
Such a novel , though containing offensive language at times , would not read the same if such language was omitted and removed .
Instead , @PERSON1's expressions within the story would be dulled down immensely and be nearly silenced .
This is the next reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor .
The last reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor is because it removes the availability of the book from an interested reader .
Many times I have seen people blatantly have a tantrum over an offensive literary work .
I have been offended by things that I have read before , and instead of demanding its removal and crying for a less offensive substitute , I simply either stopped reading the work or read through it anyways .
A person must know that the use of offensive language within literary works rarely is intended to attack the reader , but rather to strongly get a point across .
If a person finds the material too offensive to read , then they should simply stop and find a more suitable work .
By remaining calm and passive about these things , it keeps the literary work on the shelves in its true form for other people who wish to read it.This is the last reason why the censorship of literary materials within a library is an unjust endeavor .
It is clearly evident that the removal or censorship of literary works in a library is a bad idea as a whole .
The decision to censor literary works would be bad because it would strip the author's right to free speech , it would dull down the author's true meanings and expressions , and it would remove the oppurtunity to read such a work from an interested person .
The removal or censorship of literary works would be a terrible decision that all would regret in the years to come .
This is why the removal or censorship of literary works in a library is an unjust endeavor .