'And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us ' .
This quote says it all , if everybody had their say in what is offensive or not then everything would be offensive .
Books are often written for the enjoyment of the reader , and if not that books are for informational purposes .
Not everybody will have the same views of one book as someone else does , so it would be unfair to not be able to read it because someone else doesn't want you too .
Personally I like to read books that interest me , as i can assume most do everyone else .
Generally to keep my attention , I like to read books with a lot of action and an intense plot .
I realize that some people would find this offensive and not acceptable for children , but I consider myself a good kid now and I am not negatively affected by those books I read .
When I was a kid in @NUM1 grade , I read a book far beyond what most @NUM1 graders read .
This book contained many vulgar words and even a racial slur , but I was mature enough to handle them .
Just the other year , the librarian , whom I stay in constant contact with , asked me if she should take the book off the shelf .
I told her no , with my reason being that I found it to be a very interesting book !
I would have been upset to see a great book no longer be accessable because of some vulgar language , because what it comes down to are just words that express heavy emotion .
Many books such as , the dictionary or encyclopedia's are used for informational purposes .
These books can also be accessed by children .
I myself as a kid have looked through the dictionary looking for 'bad words ' .
Does that make it jusitifiable to remove ?
Even the books we read in school today have 'bad words ' in them .
When I was a freshman in high school , my @CAPS1 teacher talked about how the school board tried to get rid of 'To @CAPS2 A @CAPS3 ' , because it had racial slurs and much racism involved .
She was very against getting rid of the book because she found the novel to be a very interesting read for her and her students .
Books just can't be taken out of the hands of high schoolers because some uptight adults think it is offensive , when in all reality they teach great morals and lessons for the youth .
If you take a look at politics you can see that not everybody has the same opinion and some can be very vocal about their's .
The same idea can go with any topic in the world today .
Somebody thinks one way and someone else thinks the complete opposite .
This is the issue with taking books off the shelves .
One person thinks it is a very offensive book and the other thinks it is a very beneficial book .
My personal opinion is that a book is a book and people are going to interperte them differently .
So if one book can get taken off the shelves then this will just start a chain reaction until every book is gone .
There is no point !
If someone shouldn't read that book then they shouldn't be allowed .
The answer is as simple as that .
When it comes down to it people are just going to have to get over not having their way , because they want a book removed from the shelf .
Most people are offended by something and usually not everybody is offended by the same thing , which makes this issue impossible to deal with .
There is only one answer to this question of : Should the library be censored ?
The answer is no , just let it be .
The book was published so there must have been a good reason behind it .
In the end of it all a book is just a book