@CAPS1 happened to using books and films as simple entertainment ?
Why are we now cautious of @CAPS1 our children pick off the shelf ?
Society today has changed the way we once viewed our sources of entertainment .
Books are now viewed with skepticism and once harmless movies and magazines are full of material no one should be reading or watching .
Music used to be a beautiful form of art , but now when you turn on your radio , @CAPS1 do you hear ?
Mindless spewing of words linked together with curses and other garbage .
Should libraries use caution when renting something to someone who shouldn't be using that material for harmless entertainment .
There once was a young girl , fourteen or fifteen , who loved to read and listen to music .
She was bright but shy , and used books as her friends .
Each day she walked to the library for a new story to dive in .
One day she came across a book on the top shelf of the fiction section .
The book looked used , for its spine was badly split and several of the pages were nearly detached .
She reached for the book , intrigued , and flipped through the pages .
Her innocent and naive mind caught a hold of a world she didn't know .
After reading the book , she was filled with guilt .
It wasn't a good book , but a book that was laced with a harmful message .
This young girl , once pure and simple , now knew things no one at that age should know .
So , why wasn't there a warning of some sort ?
The difference between writing something offensive and being offensive is that the writer usually doesn't intend to be hurtful or rude .
The author most likely intended for the peice of literature to be enjoyed with a clear and playful attitude .
However the comparison between writing something offensive and being offensive is far different .
When you read something in a book or magazine that disturbs you , put it down , or throw it away .
No one is forcing you to read the material .
Yet , the real question is ; @CAPS1 about our children ?
How do we keep them safe from offensive literature ?
And @CAPS1 about music ?
Or movies ?
Remember the old black and white films ?
How , no matter @CAPS1 the plot or storyline is , the two leading roles somehow fall in love in the end ?
The ending title fills the screen just before the two actors share a kiss and then the screen goes black .
Mind , there are still movies with happy endings and a positive message .
@CAPS1 about the other films ?
Some of the biggest blockbusters are those which have either violence , some form or racism , and/or sexual content .
Personally going to the movies to see a new action movie that looks thrilling and entertaining should be fun , but where does the fun stop ?
After the guy in the first scene has just been brutally murdered ?
Or after the two lovers share a special bond that should be kept private ?
And @CAPS1 happens when this movie is released and checked out from the library by a young boy who just wants a fun sleepover with his friends ?
How do we keep these sorts of material away from them ?
Libraries should use major caution when priting labels to place on their books , movies , magazines , etc .
Librarians should make sure that the book a child hands to them is safe to read for that age level .
Also , they should check the ratings on movies or make them not available to certain age group .
Parents should also use caution when letting your child go to the movies with friends .
Make sure they see something fun , but with a positive message .
Should libraries take certain material off their shelves ?
I don't think so .
However , be careful @CAPS1 you read or watch , for it might not please you .
Use the internet as a source to find reviews on books and magazines , so see how well it was rated and then decide whether it is an intriguing read or an amazing film .
Have fun , but be careful