Books , magazines and misic should be removed if it has something offensive to the person or the child .
Books , magazines , music can cause children or adults to have a big imagination and as they grow or are thinking that its a right way to do things .
All this things that are not for a proper use shoud be displade of were no children or adult have it in use .
I believe that this can hust people as they grow up or adults thinking its the right way to do things .
Books and music should be removed if not used for something that is in good use .
Books magazines that have no material use and its used for pornagrafi or something else should be taken off shelfs .
Kids and as adults have a big imagination that could sometimes hurt others as well as family members .
Book magazines and music provide imspiration not to come to the fact that it comes to peoples distraction.thesse are way that by sometimes not knowing u hurt ur love one because of what u see , read or hear.this can the be the biggest effects on people .
The supplies you get like books , magazine , and music arent helping you and are caousing more problems in your life they should be take of markets .
Also people sometimes decied to buy them beacause of what the pictures have instored for you in a good day .
another thing that causes them to be taken of shelfs is the thought that u can get by looking and hearin and reading.This are all bad things for anybody to be ready or lisening to .
I belive that books , magazines and music should be taken off because its nothing good for the brain and it dosnt help you in any way .
Also things that arent used for good are not use full.In my opinion , I think that trashy books and music sometimes it can take you to suiside or into making something cazy that later on you will regret.This is why nun od thoese things are use full for a person or a child In conclusion , I think that books , magazines and music that are not use full shoul be taken of shelfs and should be putting things that do help the mind.Things that are not resorsful for a person mind should be put away.All this things came into not having estability in life and cometing rong steps that take you into failure.Finaly I think that all unresorsful books , magazines and music should be put away