I do not believe that books , music , movies , or magazines should be removed from library shelves if they are found offensive .
First , you have to consider what is offensive to most people , and who should be the people to determine if it should be sensored or not .
People should be able to decide for themselves if they can or can not get an item off of a shelf , because they might not even consider it offensive .
If you are a parent , you have the right to not let your children watch or read certain materials , but you can't get it taken off the shelf because then it prohibits other people from being able to get that same material that they think is acceptable .
Things that are offensive range from cussing all the way to extreme violence .
Some people @MONTH1 not mind that there are a couple of bad words or a little violence , but others will find it very offensive .
In my personal experience , I tend not to think that a little cussing is offensive , but I do know some people who balk even hearing one minor cuss word .
Many movies nowadays are made up of content that is mildly offensive , but only if you take it seriously .
The movies make fun of things that people might find offensive , which probably offends those people even more , but they do not have to watch it if they don't want that movie !
It just depends on the person and what they have grown up around , or what they think is right or wrong .
It is either your own responsiblity or a parents responsibility to determine whether the content of a book or movie is appropriate .
Many times parents use the argument that children are too young to make the judgement on a book or movie , and that is very true .
So most children movies and books are appropriate , and do not include content that children are not quite ready to handle .
If you are older , then you can probably make the decision to read or watch something because it is more appropriate for your age .
Many times you have already been exposed to the ideas prevalent in books in movies because those things are already in your life .
It comes down to who the movie is for and what content you think is appropriate for their age .
The idea about taking these books off the shelves would be disastarous .
The reading lists in schools would have to be cut down because parents didn't approve , and the children would lose valuable knowledge that is in most literature .
One person could want to rent out their favorite horror movie and suddenly it would not be there because a couple of people thought it was offensive .
There would be nothing left in libraries if one person did not approve of something because then every item would have at least one person disapprove.I once read To @CAPS1 a @CAPS2 , and our teacher told us that in another state this book had been banned because a couple of parents didn't like one or two things from the book .
This book has many valuable ideas and lessons , and is considered a great piece of literature .
These parents wanted the book to be banned from all schools , and all libraries all over the country , and that would be infringing on other people's rights of freedom of speech .
The parents can say what they want about the book and not let their own child read it , but they can not stop that opportunity for everyone else who wants to read the book .
Taking it off the shelves would be taking off those ideas as well .
Literature and every other movie and type of literature is what shapes a culture .
There have been so many movements over time , many started with literature and it affected the culture and the people .
Censorship would just take away a part of our culture , which would be devestating .
You should look at your own life , and think about what you find offensive .
Then step into someone else's shoes that does not think it is offensive , and see if it is worth it to take it all away from everyone .
Almost everything could be considered offensive to at least one person , but it is your own resposiblity to decide whether it is appropriate for you or your child .
The shelves should stay full of books , movies , music and magazines .
It is our way of expressing freedom of speech , and that is an integral part of our country and our culture