What is censorship ?
Many would say it's a book without cuss words or it's a movie without racism .
For me , I think censorship is covering up the truth .
I don't think movies or books should be taken off the self because some people find it offensive .
When a book uses a cuss word to show anger or simply use the word , I think that it's okay because isn't that what we hear in the world already ?
Now I know some people @MONTH1 not have grown up hearing foul words but many of us have .
With movies I think that if people have a problem with their children watching something bad or offensive then they shouldn't let their kid watch it .
Thats whats wrong with people now a days , they don't want to take blame for things that go wrong in their lives .
People use censorship as a way to make themselves feel like their a good parent or that the world owes them something .
When it comes to someone thinking that a movie or book has gone to far with their race then censorship gets thrown around .
Many people have issues with their race or nationality being messed with .
Though it's funny to see that race use those foul words among themselves but when it's in a book it's racism .
Or when a certain race is being made fun of or shown in a movie in a way that that race doesn't feel comfortable with , that movie is called racist .
I feel that if people have an issue with something they don't agree with , then they should take it out of their own lives .
Too many people try to control something , like cencorship .
For years now people have wanted books that are read in school to be censored for bad language .
Why put all that time toward the book being censored and not the school .
I know kids in school use foul language all the time .
Even worse then the books we read .
If adults would realize it's their kids they need to censore and not the books then censorship wouldn't have become such a huge issue .
People need to just realize that by cencoring the books or movies doesn't make the offencive words or bad images go away , it just covers them up