Libraries are normally a safe quiet place for people to go set down drink a cup of coffee and read a book/magazine , search the internet , or listen to some of there favorite music .
But , some people don't use it as that .
They think it is a time to goof around and disrespect other people that are trying to have some time just to them selves while there children are away or had a bad day and to regroup and get ready for the next day .
But then we ask our selves why do people want to set at a library and read .
Why can't they just check out a book , cd , or magazine and take it home ?
Why do people think it is such a big deal to be able to check out books , magazines , music , and movies from the library ?
I don't see what the big deal is to this !
Most counties have a public libarary .
That is meaning they will accept anyone that is interested in looking at there stuff .
Yes , I can see libraries making the person checking out a book sign a letter or document , giving personal information as in a telephone number , address , or credit card number .
The letter would be saying that they have this much time with this book and they needed it back on a certain date or else they need to bring it back in a get it renewed so they can't accuse of anyone stealing a book if they just want it for a little bit longer .
Most places have what they call late fees .
Normally , if someone has a late fee then you aren't going to get that book back because they don't want to pay it so I feel as if giving them a credit card number they can just keep charging there account and get the money that way for the late fees .
Because they can just not answer your phone call or they can just throw away a letter that they recieve in the mail from the libabry in the trash .
I know our school library here at @ORGANIZATION1 has always had problems with getting books back and not paying late fees .
This problem is sometimes a never ending process with certain people because some of them just don't care .
Yes , the internet would be a little diffrent because not everyone has money to get the internet at there house .
I am not writing this letter to gripe or be annoying I am trying to tell you some of my ideas that I have to keep a library up and running and not all junkey .
My ideas to me are good ideas and I feel like we can put Libraries into good use around this county and @LOCATION1