Should certain books , movies , and magazines be removed from library bookshelves if found offensive ?
I believe that libraries should remove materials that are offensive .
Libraries are huge public places that share knowledge and entertainment to enormous groups of people who want to expand their knowledge .
Throughout the @LOCATION1 and other countries there are libraries that hold offensive material .
Now I strongly believe in throwing out these offensive items because little children could grab one in their hands , there could be people that can be influenced to do stupid activities that they have learned , and some people might steal these items for themselves .
Libraries are important resources that tons of different groups of people come to enjoy , relax , and think .
Now all over the countries libraries have offensive material that should be romoved from their shelves .
Little children and their parents come to the library because a library is a great way to relieve stress and to let children learn .
Say there are materials that are not suitable for children so they grab it and started reading .
Next thing you know your children will have that type of knowlegde and you can't do a thing about it .
Offensive material are around little kids and parent don't even know .
They could gain offensive language or talk about it at school and that material could spread .
Material like that at the library can harm children brains by brainwashing them .
Teenagers are becoming of age to where they might do something regretable .
Teen often go to the library to meet up with friends , or start on homework .
Then a person who is inmature spots a book and begins to read .
After that he or she thought that it was extremely funny and wants to try it at home , but then gets badly hurt .
Teens can be influenced by anything and what's worse is that it can start at the library .
Then there are people who just come into a library and steal the offensive material for themselves .
People like that are inmature and could serve a real problem for the library .
Once having that item in their grasp ; they could post it on the internet and show the whole world what he or she found .
Offensive material could be easily stoten from a library ; if these certain items were not at the library then rebels wouldn't be stealing anything from the library .
Libraries are for different people who want to learn and teach others about their newly obtained knowledge .
Libraries have the absolute best resources a place could have or ever wanted .
I don't want such a wonderful resource be tainted by these obsence materials .
That is why I strongly believe that certain material such as books , magazines , movies , and music that are offensive should be removed from libraries .