Some people believe that certain materials , such as books , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .
However , I do not believe they should be removed .
People are mature enough to be able to handle offensive material .
Most people check out books or movies that they have heard about , so for the most part they know what they are reading @MONTH1 be offensive .
Instead of removing the ofensive material , there should just be a warning to let readers know that what they are checking out is considered offensive .
These days , people are mature enough to read offensive material .
We see many types of offensive material every day .
Examples of this inlcude when we watch the news , we @MONTH1 see numerous offensive pictures or videos .
There are also many news stories that many people consider offensive .
When a person checks out an offensive book , they are doing so because they want to .
Libraries should not revoke a reader's right to read what he/she wants .
Before a person checks out a book or movie , they should look into it to make sure they are okay with what they are getting .
This can prevent many problems .
For example , say a young reader sees a book that they think looks interesting .
If they don't read into it a little bit and just take it home , they @MONTH1 later find that it contains offensive material .
However , if they read a little bit about it before they check it out , they will find out it contains offensive material , and can then make the decision on whether or not they still want to read it .
There are many ways libraries can prevent children or other people not mature enough to view the offensive material from seeing it .
They can put a warning label on the book or movie to inform people that that particular item is considered offensive .
Libraries could even put an age limit on checking out offensive material .
Either of these ideas could be an efffective way to ensure that only mature people are checking out anything that is considered to be ofensive .
Libraries should not have to remove books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
that contain offensive material from the shelves .
If a person wants to check out a book that is offensive , they should be allowed to check it out and read it .
Also , people should be intelligent enough to look into whatever item they are checking out before hand so they can be aware of the offensive material .
However , to make things even easier , libraries could just put a warning label on offensive material to prevent some people from reading it .