Censorship in libraries today , I believe , are not a big problem .
But many would disagree with that .
Books and movies can be a very important resource for anyone of any age .
They can gives us facts about a certain topic that we @MONTH1 not find any where else .
Everyone has thier own definition of offensive .
I belive that it is not only up to the library to rate the books , movies , and magazines offensive but it is also up to the participants using these resources .
For many kids , no matter what age , they only rent books from a library for two main reasons : pleasure and projects .
To sensor a book from a teenager or child is just like more of an invitation to see whats inside of it .
For the people who do pleasure reading they most of the time stick to only one type of genre .
If someone wanted to rent a book , and it was not appropriate for them to read , then the librarian or teacher would restrict that book from them .
For projects , such as for school , it would depend upon the librarian to censor the book to a child .
But books are not rated such as movies are .
So it really all depends upon the use of the book and the maturity of the person who is renting it .
If they feel that it will not be appropriate for some , then they could give a suggestion to censor it .
Movies and books are different in many ways .
Books allow you to create a mental description and picture in your mind for what you are reading .
Movies , on the other hand , create a visual image right in front of your eyes .
No matter how gruesome or vile of a description a book can give , it still does not compare with the visual picture of a video .
Movies are rated today as to the age of a person , and they say why they are rated as such .
Movies rated above the @NUM1 level are most of the time not held in libraries .
They @MONTH1 still be censored if they create too vile of an image , but that is up to the one who watches it .
Music is a major part of each one of our lives , and without it the world would be a much different place .
Everyone finds themselves quite fond of a certain genre of music , and most of the time sticks to it .
Music , like movies , is also rated by the content of the song .
If it has a word or two that should be sensored , then it is most likely already labeled 'explicit ' .
I think that music , just like movies , should not be able to be censored , because they are already rated accordingly .
Some books , magazines , and movies contain cold hard facts about the past years of our world and are too vile for anyone .
And even though those events are in our past they are still very important to our present .
Books can be a magical place for children , as well as adults , to go and create their own world .
To censor a book , movie , or magazine would be taking away that chance for someone to enjoy life just a little bit more for that small moment in time .