Censorship to most people means much more than the average @NUM1 syllable word .
It means giving up the right to say and think however you want .
To most , this idea is not a good one .
When one is censored , they are essentially giving up the right of freedom of @CAPS3 .
In this essay I will discuss three cons of censorship in libraries .
One reason censorship should not be aloud in libraries is the lack of freedom of @CAPS3 .
Decades ago when it was set into place that anyone was aloud to practice their right to speak freely , the idea of censorship was not in the plan .
As @CAPS1's , it is our right to speak and write however we want without reprocussions , however offensive or non-offensive the material @MONTH1 be .
As @CAPS1's all should realize that everyone is different and not everyone will agree with one another .
Does that mean that just because one person finds something offensive , then an item should be taken off shelves ?
Absolutley not .
Freedom of @CAPS3 is our birth right and we should be aloud to say or write anything without being censored .
'
...
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
Katherine Paterson .
Author Katherine Paterson simply states that if she has the right to take any book of the shelf that she doesn't like , then everyone else also has that same right .
As previously stated in the paragraph above , it makes no sense to rid a book just because one person finds it offensive .
If that was the case , I could find @NUM2 books in our library that I find offensive , and the next person could find @NUM3 books that are offensive and so on .
Just as Katherine states , 'And then we have no books left on the shelves for any of us . '
And the last con of censorship in libraries is the lack of perspective and learning a book brings .
As an avid book reader , I couldn't even begin to describe all of the vocabulary words and new things I learn from reading one book .
Just recently I read the book @CAPS4 @CAPS5 .
As I was reading , I began to have a deep hatred of the main character .
Later I found that the book was incredibly offensive .
However , from reading it , the book provided much insight into @DATE1's life that I new nothing about .
It gave me a great deal of information that to this day , I use .
The book made me reflect on myself and how @NUM4 plus years changes people , @CAPS1's more specifically .
In conclusion , censorship in libraries is not a good idea .
When one is censored they give up their right of freedom of @CAPS3 , other books in general , and loss of oppotunity to learn new things .
Hopefully with this essay , I have persuaded you or at least informed you on the cons of censorship in libraries