I think there should be no books taken off the shelfs .
Somethings might be offisive to some people but other people might need those books for a research , projects , etc .
People need to read to understand why some people think that somethings are offensive toward other people .
Every book should be on a book shelf in a public library .
Everybody has the freedom to choose for thier self , let them decide if it is offensive to them and others .
Maybe an author wrote a book about gansters , and their kids .
Maybe the author wrote the book to give you an inside look on somebody's life .
We live in a very diverse world they are going to be different outlooks on the world .
The author could be writing the book to show you what that child went throught during that point of life with killings , and violence .
That should not be offensive to somebody because they are talking about killings and violence .
Reading that book should let you see how that child grew up .
The book could even change some of the childs parents who are in gangs their minds .
It could let them realize how it will have an effect on their childs life later on in life .
I believe the same thing goes for movies and magazines .
Through reading the magazines and watching movies it could help you .
Say if you are in a gang and you watch movies and read you would find out what happens to the gang , it could change your thoughts .
These books , movies , magazines could show what is going to happen to you .
Maybe directiors/ writers do these types ot thngs to show you what will happen to you if you continue down the path in gangs and harmful clubs .
Why should certain people get to choose if a book , moive , magazine , etc is offensive to some people but not others ?
I think the only way to fix it is to leave every book on public library shelfs .
Let the peple who come to the library to read books decide what is right or offensive for them to read .
Even if library's make a decision somebody is going to get mad and upset .
I do not think there is any way to solve an issue like this except letting people read and decided for themself .
If they like the book great , if not then do not read it again or return the book.Nobody can decide right from wrong for somebody , only you can do it for your self .