It seems today we attempt to censor everything , but are we going too far ?
Could it be that we have crossed the line and are no longer protecting the children , but are instead holding back our society as a whole ?
In my opinion , censorship of literature has crossed the line .
A library is , essentially , an incredably valuable resource to each generation .
In some cases it still is , but when books are being with held do to the fact that it @MONTH1 offend someone we are holding people back from the knowledge they could gain from the work of literature itself .
We attempt to placate everyone in today's society , therefore we censor several things that are not politically correct .
If future generations are unable to learn what we have through these writings , then they will lack the insight we had gained .
Another reason is , to be perfectly honest , history and society have not- and very well @MONTH1 never truly be- politically correct .
People take umbrage to certain words and consequently some libraries will remove the book featuring said words from their shelves .
After this is done , what have we really accomplished ?
Have we made the world a better place by attempting to hide a part of history ?
That is debatable , but by the same token , in school we must learn about the @CAPS1 despite the fact that it upsets many people .
We must learn about this because it was an important part in history that needs to be remembered in hopes that nothing so terrible as that will ever happen again .
So , if we learn about an entire subject which happened in another country but effected the entire world should we not learn about our own faults in history ?
The times we have oppressed people , the terms we used so commonly we attempt to hide now .
Has it really helped us ?
No , for until people recognize a problem and furthermore are reminded of how wrong it was they will not understand it .
Napoleon once said that history is a story written by the victor , but is victory so sweet after our history has been rewritten ?
If everything that offends people is censored or taken away we will have nothing left .
For if one person is aloud to say what is and isn't acceptable then others will partake in this as well .
It would become a new fad and people would find a problem with just about anything .
So , essentially , by censoring works in libraries we are holding back the future generations from all that they could be .
We are forcing them to be ignorant of society's problems .
In the end we must ask ourselves , was it really worth it ?
I remind you , a library is an invaluable resource .