When people think of a library they think of a quiet place to study and read .
Teachers use the libraries for many different things .
One thing they use it for is movies on certain topics .
Another is for books on certain people or events .
They even use it to get magazines for projects and to catch up on the world outside of school .
So what is my opinion on offensive materials getting removed ?
I 'll tell you what it is .
Kids watch movies in class all the time .
Some are not appropriate at times , but some are very insiteful and helpful .
I think if the teacher watches the movie first and thinks that it is too bad for children in say elementary it should be banned from that schools library , but for high schoolers chances are they have heard or seen worse .
So with saying that movies should stay in the libraries of high schools but not all should stay in the elementary's .
Books are another good resource if used correctly .
They help kids in history learn about old war hero's and past events .
Some books should be kept behind the counter and only used for certain classes though .
Like for instance books that tell specifics about drugs .
They should be taken off the shelves , put behind the counter ; and if someone really needs a book about them like for medicine purposes to become a doctor then all they have to do is ask .
Magazines are good for a couple of different nice things .
One thing is projects .
If you have to do a project over something like food and cant use a computer , magazines are a great way to get good pictures .
Another thing its commonly used for is just flat out entertainment .
Like when you get bored of reading a book that you just picked out because of looks or if a book is too hard to read you could get a magazine .
So in reality some things should be kept and others taken away .
People spend lots of time in the library for many different things and that will never change .
Movies are a good source of entertainment and that won't change either .
So I guess i 'm half and half on keeping or getting rid of offensive materials .