My view opposes the open distribution of certain newspaper articles .
There are certain articles , radio shows , and other sources of media that vividly describe certain things that happen in the news that I find not to be appropriate for some people to hear such as younger children , or people that don't agree with having to listen to things such as : bias reactions , opinions , and interpretations of these things .
Open distribution of newspaper articles and things containing disturbing images ought to be censored .
I recently seen photos of people who have been killed in the process of finding @LOCATION1 .
I find that these images @MONTH1 serve some importance to people interested , but for children who can look on their doorstep and look at the newspaper , can see horrifying images that some people @MONTH1 think they shouldn't be exposed to .
Even as adults people don't necessarily agree with it .
Adults @MONTH1 see what's in the news and @MONTH1 find it to be intriguing as it pertains to them or fairly disturbing , but as far as the protection and limited exposure their children @MONTH1 have , it @MONTH1 not be such a good thing for their kids to be hearing .
I was in the car heading back from school one day , and my dad had just picked me up from school , and I casually switch the raido from am to fm as I always do when I get in the car , but I didn't hear the sudden outbreak of a top one hundred song as I had expected , I heard a woman asserting her opinion about the death of @LOCATION1 to a talk radio show host .
The show had previously been recorded , and so after the woman had lashed out for being so angry about the whole thing , there was a review of other calls that other people had made in mad frustration about the womans ' comments .
She had said earlier that it was wrong to have killed somebody , in which the talk radio show host responded with the argument that it was okay for @LOCATION1 to kill thousands , but we can't kill him argument .
The reviews that the other callers had made sort of disturbed me .
The things that the callers were saying were very offensive towards the woman who had expressed her feelings .
The other callers were saying that she needed to get out of our country , and were cursing at her .
News like the death of @LOCATION1 isn't just violent in itself , but creates reactions that are very violent as well .
Another instance when I was exposed to some information that @MONTH1 not have been well accepted by others was when we were having an assembly meeting at my school , and we watched a video about a protest that was against people of @CAPS1 belief .
The whole problem with the protest was that the people of the @CAPS1 faith were born in @LOCATION3 , and were meeting with representatives in order to help a poor community in @LOCATION2 .
Although they were making an effort to help the poor communities , and homeless people in @LOCATION2 there were people shouting at the im protest to leave , and to go back to where they came from .
When people hear things about this in the news it can be very offensive , because although it @MONTH1 be happening on a complete opposite coast , it would be able to effect someone , it can easily effect someone who doesn't understand previous conflicts that would shape these peoples ' opinions and @MONTH1 take that very offensively , because it is a very complex matter even though it is still very wrong .
I believe that the material that is being exposed to people of all ages should be censored , because the material that is being openly distributed now isn't necessarily suitable for everyone , and some people @MONTH1 not want to hear about it , and want to avoid the news that is going around about certain topics that they @MONTH1 not be comfortable with