When you walk into your local library there are thousands of books , magazines , movies , etc .
You have different types and styles of books .
There are fiction and nonfiction , comedy , horror , children books , and many more .
Also what you might not know is some libraries have books that are either sexual , violent , disruptive , and aren't appropriate for young children .
They could also have movies and magazines like that and that is not a good influence .
When a young child walks into a library , they would expect to find a book with color , action , pictures , etc .
But while they 're browsing around they could run into a certain book thats not meant for them and they could end up becoming influenced .
A book that is inappropriate for a child could possibly affect a childs life because they could go out into reality and try to immitate a book they have read and it could end up being the wrong decision .
Inappropriate movie and magazines , such as pornagraphic magazines or pictures , rated @CAPS1 or @CAPS2 movies , shouldn't be allowed in a library .
Items like that should be sold in a separate store .
Items like these are meant for adults only .
We should try to inspire our young children to do whats right and not try to convince them to do anything in a negative way .
If you are going to have any of these items kept in your home , then keep them in a place where children can not find them .
The generation that we live in now , most young people only focus on gang violonce , sex , rap music , and drugs and you can find all of this material in movies , books , and songs .
If we keep all of these negative minded items out of public places such as libraries and even homes , then there could possibly be some change .
Most rap songs you hear these days are either talking about violence , sex , or drugs .
Most music should have a positive message to it .
I feel if I see a book , movie , magazine , etc.
, sitting on a shelf where a young person can see it , I feel I should have the right to remove it because society is not like what it use to be and if we make a change like this , then I feel a few things can change .
Eventhough I 'm still young I feel my teenage generation should stop all the violence and stop becoming influenced by everything they see or hear , and if we focus on the more important things in life , then this world can be a whole different place .