Censorship in librarys can be a positive and negative thing .
I think this because there can be somethings that you @MONTH1 not want your children to read .
But there also can be things that you do want them to read .
Age groups can play a big role in censorship because there are things that you dont want to see a kid reading when he or she is young .
But if it is censored then they will not even be able to read it when they get older .
It all depends on what kind of things are in the books , music , movies , and magazines .
If you find something offensive that you read in a book or saw in a magazine to some people that @MONTH1 not be offensive at all .
This is why I think that the censorship can be good and bad .
I am sure that there @MONTH1 be somethings that you have read that wasn't offensive to you but it @MONTH1 still be offensive to others .
Censorship in my opinion can be a good thing when the things that are in the book , movie , magazine , and music are not true and that @MONTH1 be offensive to more than a small group .
Lets say that there are two books written about the same true topic .
The first books material is very well written and @MONTH1 have offensive material in it here and there .
The second book is also well written but @MONTH1 not all be there the whole story @MONTH1 not be the same as what happened because they censored it because it can't be in the library .
Which would you rather read ?
Personally I would rather read the book that @MONTH1 have some offensive material but has the complete story of what happend .
Say you were the writer of a book and it took you a long time of hard work and dedication to finish the book and get it published .
Would you want your book to be on the shelf at the library ?
I know I would but if your writing about something that happend in your life that could have been offensive to others they @MONTH1 not allow that book on the shelf of a library .
If the things that are in the book are true or are in real life .
Than why show your children a book that isn't true ?
Im not saying go get your child a war book and have them read it when they are very young .
When reading a book that someone spent a long time and lots of hard work on you are looking into their perspective .
Maybe there perspective of what happend is alot different than yours , but that can be a good thing .
Even with the offensive material books , movies , magazines , and music can still be good to some people and bad to others .
I have went to librarys and found books that I was interested in and I think that some of them could be found offensive to others .
If the contents of the book , movie , magazine , and the music are not true and can be found offensive then sure that should be censored .
But if it is censored it should only be for a certain age group .
I have also went and got books at the library that have true stories that can be found offensive by some people , but that doesn't mean it should be censored .
A book that @MONTH1 have material in them that could be 'bad ' for some people .
That does not mean that after they read it they are going to go start using the same offensive language that could be in the book .
It all depends on the persons perspective if they find a book offensive or that has some 'bad ' material in it then don't read it , and find something that you wouldnt find offensive .
Overall the things that we read , watch , and listen to @MONTH1 not all be bad even if it has some offensive material in it .
To some it can be bad to others it can be part of their life .
If I had a story to tell and I spent a long time working on it .
I would want it to be read , seen , and heard .
Censorship @MONTH1 be good for some and bad for others .
If you are a person that allways likes a happy ending then maybe censorship is good .
But if you want the whole story that can be non-fiction or fiction then censorship is not for you .