Do you believe that certain materials , such as books , movies , or music should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive ?
I do believe so .
The reason why is because there can be a lot of books , movies , or magazines in certain places like the library or stores that can involve offensive stuff , such as violence or other bad things .
A lot of things can influence to the reader if they read a book that is offensive or if a kid see's a movie that involves violence .
One reason I think that books should be removed from the shelves is if they are found offensive because what if the reader is reading the book and they find a word that offends them ?
Or what if they read a book and it talks about bad stuff ?
Or maybe a kid can read a book and can learn bad stuff .
A lot of things can just occurr while reading a book .
And many people sometimes take it real offensive if the book talks about there religion , race , or anything that involves to there personal life .
That's why I think books should be removed off the shelf , so people will not get offended .
Another reason will have to be that if a kid or someone under age rents a movie or there parents rent the movie .
Then the kid would probably want to see the movie and they would not know what the movie is about .
The kid might see something that is bad or might see a lot of violence .
Sometimes parents don't really realize what there kid's are watching .
So it's important for them to learn and watch for there kids .
In movie's anyone can see a lot of bad thing that can effect anyone or can offend anyone .
So I think that they should not have certain movies on the shelves that can harm or offend certain family or parents , espicially there kids .
Magazines can also be found offensive to a lot of people .
Whenever you go to the store you always see magazines on the shelves or somewhere else .
It's either talking about singers , people divorcing , violence that ocurr around the world , arrests , or it could even have bad images that anyone could see .
Which would be something bad , especially if a little kid picks up a magazine that has soemthing bad inside .
That's why they shouldnt have magazines that have bad stuff in public .
Or adults shouldn't buy certain type of magazines because they never know what there child can expect to see .
So there is a lot of reasons why I think that people should remove certain book , movies , magazines , or anything that involves offensive stuff .
All around the world you will see stuff that can offend you or anyone else just by seeing something on a movie , by listening to a song , or even my reading a book .
It's just not a good idea of having stuff out there like that in certain places , like the library , stores , or anywhere else .
Especially if there is people that take it really offensive when they see a title of a book that is bad or when they hear a song that has a lot of bad words .
It's just wrong having stuff like that that can offend a lot of people .
What if I read a book and it talks about my race or religion , would I take it offensive ?
People should ask themself that , before they read a book or see a movie .
So they will decide whether or not they should have books , magazines , or music removed from the shelves .