I think that certain things in libraries should be taken off shelves if found offensive but not all .
One of these things is anything that undermines or degrades one's religious beliefs .
Another thing could be anything involving racial stereotypes or obvious racial comments .
Having anything containing this could spark conflict within or outside of the library .
Another thing that could be , but not entirely , removed from library material could be books that express violent or criminal acts .
This type of material should only be given to an older audience .
I think that anything that contains slander or judgement on another person's religious beliefs should be removed from library shelves .
As time goes on people are taking religion more and more serious .
With that being said I don't think anyone would want to read a book or watch a movie in which the things they believe in being made fun of or rejected .
It @MONTH1 not seem like harmful material at first glance , but your opinion @MONTH1 change when your customers come back angry and frustrated about what they read and saw .
It would be a better choice to avoid this conflict with your customers and keep this material out of your library , unless you want to deal with complaints and costant arguments .
Another thing that needs to be removed is racial material .
Racism has been one the worlds largest problems , it affects us all no matter who it's against .
Picture a book in your library that calls all black teens a problem or a book that says all arabians dangerous , racist isn't it ?
Now imagine if your customers were of one of those two ethnicities , it's not a good picture at all .
Keeping these stereotypes and harmful sayings off library shelves is a great business choice and will keep all customers happy .
The last thing we want is for a customer to say 'those people are racist ! '
.
Lastly I think books that express violent and criminal acts should be censored from minors .
Kids always follow what they hear or what they see .
Since they 're still in that stage where they rarely do things in their own way they @MONTH1 mimic or copy things they see .
Another problem that surrounds this is peer pressure which will get more and more children commiting these acts .
If this is to happen many parents will become outraged and blame the libraries for relaeasing this material to children .
So the best choice would be to keep this material away from minors , if it is contained within your library