Today , we all have a very large variety of books to choose from when we enter a library .
Some are childrens books , while others are intended for a more mature reader .
Many parents are scared that their child will read a book that @MONTH1 be inappropiate for their child .
The thing is , if everyone removes the books that they don't find acceptable , there won't be any books left in the library for us to enjoy .
What makes a book unacceptable to read ?
Could it be language , graphic scenes , or parts that are just extremely scary ?
Many people think that books like these should not be available for anyone to read .
Removing a book from a library would be done through one's opinion .
This is not fair because we all have the right to free press , which means that anyone can publish anything they wish to and everyone has the right to read it .
By removing books from a library , you are violating not only the author's right , but the reader's as well .
Unfourtunately , there are some books that @MONTH1 cause a child to become scared .
When a child reads a book , it's harder for them to realize that they are just reading a book .
Many children take in every word of a story and turn it into a reality .
Not only can this scare a child , but it makes it extremely difficult to explain that what they read in the story is not true .
As more and more of these books are released , the more likely it becomes that children will be reading these offensive stories .
I believe that removing books from a library based on opinion is wrong .
I understand that leaving these types of books out for children to read could cause a problem , but libraries are usually set up in sections .
For instance , there is a childrens section , a teen section , and an adult section .
This helps kids remain in an area appropiate for their age .
I think that if a parent is worried enough that their child will read an offensive book , then they should go with their child to the library when checking out books to read .
A public library is designed to accompany a vast variety of readers .
There will always be certain books that some of us find offensive .
Removing books from a library only decreases the number of books to choose from ; and if that were to happen , there would eventually be no books left for anyone to enjoy .