Censorship in libraries could have negative effects on the library .
Parents have different views on books , music , ect .
One parent @MONTH1 not have a problem with one book that has a few curse words in it but another parent might think it is not something they want their children to pick up and read then later on start using that kind of language .
But if the libraries censor that book and is taken out of the library it would make a big impact on people because , what if somebody really likes that book but since someone complained about it , it is now not allowed in the library .
The library would lose people because of books being censored .
Everybody might not agree on different subject and they would want a certain book , music , movie or magazine censored .
But if one person complained and the book is no longer there does that mean the libraries are going to be empty for now on .
A person who @MONTH1 not have children might say , ' @CAPS1 one little joke can hurt . '
A joke not suitable for a child under @NUM1 to read , hear , or watch .
But a parent might get upset that their child is hearing , reading , or even seeing these things and might band it from the library .
When a student @MONTH1 need to go to the library to go look up their topic they must research for school and can not find any or even good books on that topic because someone who thought the book was offensive has been removed from the library .
The student might get frustrated and would not know what to do and would have to get most to all of their research off the @CAPS2 .
What if their teacher/proffesor said that they needed more then one source and all their information can not just be off the computer they need a book , magazine , or newspaper source also .
But since that topic they are researching about has upset someone they are not able to find the imformation they are looking for .
Yes , there are some books , music , movies , magazines , and sometimes newspapers that are not for children under @NUM1 or even pre-teens to teens .
That is why the libraries are divided into sections for the age groups .
Still how do these section keep our children from reading something unaporite .
Parents should know when they come into a library they should look for signs on the walls , if a library does not have signs that tell them what kind of section they are coming into all they have to do is grab a few books of the shelfs and read the inside cover or outside to suggest what kind of books are in the rest of that section .
It should not be hard to find these sections because usually the children section has toys and puzzles in them and children theme walls .
Censorship would not only get rid of the books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, but it would also make our libraries empty .
A lot of people have different point of views , his view might be diffrent from her view .
From teens to young adults , teachers to children , parents to non-parents .
Everyone is different no one person can speak for the whole world .
This is why censorship would not work in our libraries .