A lot of people have huge debates over what they think is appropriate for children and teens to be reading , watching , and listening to ; in this topic there will be opinions discussed and logical explanations to what some people think is the proper things kids should be exposed to .
First , kids should not be watching rated @CAPS1 movies or even @NUM1 if it has vulgar content , sexual content , violence , and etc .
Even though some parents allow this , these movies and magazines can still have a huge impact on the child and possibly on how they act in his or her future .
Secondly , children still have a good number of movies for them to watch and learn from that can better themselves for their education , career , etc .
Finally , teens and young adults exposed to this genre of movies , books , music , or any other media based entertainment are more likely to make destructive decisions than a teenager who doesn't .
Although this is not always the case , it does increase the chances of wrong decisions and it does have and influence on the younger minds .
In conclusion , young adults , teens , and children should not be able to watch media that contains vulgar content , sexual content , voilence , etc , without parent supervision and permission .
Censorship in Libraries I think that things found in the library that people find offensive shouldn't be removed .
Just because some people think it's offensive doesnt't mean all people think it's offensive .
Some people @MONTH1 like the content it shows .
I think that things in a library shouldn't be removed because everyone has their own point of view .
If something was removed every time someone would walk in , then there would be no library .
A library is supposed to be a big variety of books .
It is not supposed to be just one genre that only one person likes , like if everyone had to listen to nerdcore hiphop and could not listen to other things .
It is important to offer alot of variety because if a library doesn't have alot of variety , then the library would lose all kinds of customers .
A library doesn't want to target just kids or teen through adults .
The library wants to target all sorts of people , since libraries are taxpayer funded and everyone pays taxes except for the superrich and they don't need the library cause they are rich .
Even if it means that some content is innapropriate .
All books are innapropiate if you look at them in the wrong way ( seriously some books are about satan if you read them backwards ) .
I think that things found in the library that people find offensive shouldn't be removed .
Everyone has his own point of view .
A library should have a variety of books , not just one genre the one person may want .