In libraries there should be a control over what certain kind of books , magazines , or movies that children should be able to read .
For instance movies , are we going to go let a @NUM1 year watch a rated @CAPS1 movie much less let him/her watch a porn movie .
No thats just plain wrong .
That goes with magazines and books .
Magazines have some images that aren't appropriate for the right age bracket that can easily pick it up and look at it .
Books as well kids have very imaginative minds , they @MONTH1 not have pictures in them but still kids know a little more than what we give them credit for .
Me , I would know this because as a little kid my brothers got a rated @CAPS1 film called ' @CAPS3's @CAPS4 ' .
After watching all @NUM2 of the films that were available at the time , I just could not look at a doll the same way again .
Whenever my mom would get rid of a doll she used to own some of them had eyes that would move .
I always sat at one side of the car while the doll would be as far away from me aas possible .
To prevent other kids from experiencing what I did local libraries ought to create sections in the library where you 've got your children section , the teen section , and the adult section .
So then you can easily tell the kids to only go to either the teen section or the kids section .
This should be the way to organize the films and magazines as well .
I know some people wouldnt agree with my ideas but I have to ask them in return .
Do you have any better ideas ?
Now for getting rid of stuff in our library that can be offensive .
I would say we keep it , our kids need to know our culture that way they can survive in it .
They need to know that there are still racists out there even though society tries to cover it up .
There's no way there going to be able to keep other people's opinions from coming ears length of the @CAPS3 .
If our children are to grow up maturley they need to experience or at least know what bullying is .
Maybe learn what an athiest is or find out on their own what a sexist is .
Some of it is inappropriat ' e so i will agree that kids need to find this out at a certain age but you can't keep it out of their lives forever .
Thats why its best not to throw the books out that mention those sort of things .