People in this common era have different appproaches to the idea of libraries .
Some view the library as a place to go and learn and to express yourself and be free .
Others believe it to be a place where there is danger for minors and can be very innapropriate .
These two opinions can cause an intriguing argument .
People go to the library because they want to either get away , or just to be free and grab a nice book .
There are many books to choose from , but you need to be careful while browsing .
some books , although good , can be innapropriate to some ages , and that's when controversy spills .
Parents think the library is encouraging the check-out of innapropriate books , but this isn't all that true .
It's all about the placement of books , and that's what most librarians will tell you .
They didn't encourage the kid to check it out , but they have every right to .
It is also unknown that what is offensive to one person , might bring joy to another person maybe of a different race or ethnic background .
I think that these so-called offensive books or magazines that parents complain about , should not be removed from libraries .
There is a reason those books are there and they are not put up there to be offensive ; so why take them down ?
I think a way we can monitor these kids to stay away from books their parents believe can be harmful to them is by making a rule stating that a child must be present with an adult in certain sections .
This will not only stop the fact that kids checkout books much innapropriate for them , but it might also make the parents stop complaining and the controversy will end .
People need to stop looking at the library as a place that brings negativity , but as a place for giving children joy .
Remember , it was built for those who enjoy reading and so people can have a place to do so .
Why complain ?
Find the positives in what it brings instead of looking down on it .
Bring back the feelings of what the library brought to you when you were a child .