Most modern day book , movies , music , etc .
do a fairly good job of placing warning in the form of ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' sticks on their covers .
But books from before this practice began to happen @MONTH1 be found more offensive then books today .
Why ?
Well , that's because many books of the past use words that today are found offensive .
But those books , movies , and music are not at fault like parents try to make it seem .
There are examples of how each catagory is in today's society .
Take the book 'The @CAPS3 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' , written by @PERSON1 , for example .
In that story , there are words that are used to describe people of that time .. Back when @PERSON1 wrote the book , it was perfectly fine to use those words on those people , but in today's modern world , that is a book that has been on the list for being banned .
It is offensive to use that word on people today , so parent groups and others are trying to get that book pulled off of shelves in hopes of erasing what was done in the past .
I don't believe that a book should be banned for it's content , but rather how well it teaches its reader through its words .
If it can teach a student in a high school or college class about the history and the culture of that time , then it shouldn't be banned at all .
It should be read .
Movies have a rating system for a reason .
There are some movies that are just not meant for a younger audience .
People must be of a certain age to rent , buy , or view these kind of movies 'leagally ' .
Not too many people listen to that system , even though it has exsisted for years .
A horror film is not suitable for a @CAPS15 of a young age who believes everything he or she sees on @CAPS4 .
Movies shouldn't be banned just because it gives a @CAPS15 nightmares or makes them not as emotionally aware of what is right or wrong .
That is the fault of the parents .
They were the ones who let their @CAPS15 watch that movie in the first place .
So the movie shouldn't be held responsible for the @CAPS15 .
If the movie was intended for a more mature audience , that's the way it should stay .
And that brings us to music .
There is a lot of music in today's age that can be considered very offensive .
There are only a few 'pure ' genres , free of the cursing that is used in many of the others today .
But children , teen , and adults all find their favorite kind , and you can't change their minds then .
The governement has issued that all music containing harsh words , horrid images to the mind , gruesome scenes , and other elements that are offensive to people , must carry a sticker on it .
The black and white ' @CAPS1 @CAPS2 ' sticker .
When parents see this sticker on the @CAPS7 , @NUM1 download , or whatever their @CAPS15 is using , then they know that it is more than likely not right for their @CAPS15 to listen to .
Doesn't mean that the parent is actually going to listen all the time , but it means that there is a slight chance that their minds will not be tainted by 'garbage ' .
So , in conclusion , I believe that movies , books , and music that contain 'offensive ' material should not be removed from shelves .
Just because it is offensive to one person doesn't neccessarily mean that it is the same to another person .
There are ratings on things for a reason , to keep children from seeing them and to help with the level of harshness that is given to today's society .
People will still argue that books such as 'The @CAPS3 of @ORGANIZATION1 ' , 'The @CAPS3 of @PERSON2 ' , ' @CAPS10 in the @CAPS11 ' , and many , many more books like them should be banned .
They will always fight that movies such as ' A @CAPS12 on @CAPS13 @CAPS14 , ' ' @DATE1 the @NUM2 ' , or ' @CAPS15's @CAPS16 ' should be removed from store shelves because it gave them nightmares as a @CAPS19 or it gives their @CAPS15 nightmares because they saw it .
And they will always try to fight and say that artist like @CAPS17 ' @CAPS18 , @LOCATION1 , and @CAPS19 @CAPS20 are not suited for their @CAPS15 .
Well , this pattern has been going on for years .
Those books were made many years before , those movies are intended for a adult audience , not for a @CAPS15 of a young age , and those artists are just trying to make money like everyone else .
So when parents try to argue about what should be on shelves and what should not , remember that it might be that parent's fault for letting their @CAPS15 view it in the first place .