What do you want your children to be able to see in their public library ?
As we all know , there are things like books , picture , and movies that we do not want our younger generation to see .
This is @CAPS1 parents are so carful with computers , and what their children have access to .
Every situation has it's pros and cons , but in @CAPS2 cases if you analize the pros and cons you can come to an accurate conclusion .
When you go to a library with your children , the children run off to do what they want , usually to the children's section .
Let's face it , children do not want to look at adult book .
Once children learn to read you might come across a bigger problem .
As children get older they want to be able to do more things , like watching older movies , reading harder books , and look at want they want on the computer .
I 'm sure that the first thing that might come to mind is to censor the library , take away the horror films , the banned books excetra .
This might be fine at first , but what about the adults that have every right to read and watch whatever they want .
The library is free , does this mean that if our society does not like a book , movie , or magazine taht the adults must go somewhere else to pay for a particular book or movie as apposed to borrowing if for free at the public library .
It could work , but if a child is going to look at bad things at a library what will stop him/her from looking at them at a bookstore ?
Another issue is banned books .
@CAPS2 of them are classics that past generations have read in school .
@CAPS1 would we decide to take these books away now ?
It makes it seem like the younger generations can not handle it , or that past generations have something to hide .
The definition of a classic is a piece of writing that has stood the test of time .
Does it just end here and now ?
@CAPS1 would we take the classics away ?
Let's face it , if the classics are not read in school today , and they are not read in the next generations what is stopping them from being forgetten ?
Some banned books parents will look at and say , ' @CAPS1 would this be banned ?
I do not remember anything bad in it . '
@CAPS2 of the time the classic banned books were written some time in the @DATE1 , @CAPS3 @CAPS4 @CAPS5 or the @CAPS6 @CAPS7 .
Society was different then .
When you read a classic it acts as a history book to show us how it was to live during the time it was written .
Usually the book will be banned because of bad language which people thing should be taken out of our schools , but they are missing the point .
That was how things were back then so , who are we to hide it ?
Does this mean that I think anything and everything should be put in our public libraries ?
Not at all .
Some magazines can be avoided , or be put in a section away from younger children's eyes .
Horror movies do not have to be taken out completly , just put in a different section .
If parents are worried about monetering their children on the internet there is nothing stopping them from watching their children while they are using a computer .
I think that there can be come cesorship in libraries , but sometimes our society goes overboard .
As long as we keep an open mind and make the right decisions for our future generations we can make our country a safe yet edjucational place to learn