Have you ever read something that you have found offensive , upsetting , or has made you mad ?
Do you think that there are certian books that shouldn't be allowed in a library because of its content ?
A lot of books , music , movies , and magazines these days contain things that are hurtful to society or protray bad images of certian social groups .
In @DATE1's society there are many different groups of people and a lot of them have thier own opinions on how they view different things .
To me , when I think about a library , I think about how all different ages of people go to them , how there are many different groups of people there , and about the types of books that are in there .
Taking this all into concideration , I believe that everything should be allowed in public libraries but I do think that there should be seperate places for books , magazines , and movies that should be only for adults .
I think this because if you take away all the things that are 'bad ' or 'offensive ' to you , you could be displeasing those who find these things interesting or enjoy reading them .
In this case , people would not come to the library anymore because they can not read what they enjoy reading or find interesting .
By saying these things , seperating the books into age groups is a good thing because then the younger children who are running around the library will not pick up something that they should not be looking at .
I also believe that is would benefit them because then if someone comes into the library looking for a book but does not really know what to do and they go to where their age group would be ; then they can see everything that is recommended for them .
From my own experience , I know that I have read some books and looked at some magazines that I probably should not have looked at because I was too young .
This does not mean that they need to take them off the shelves but maybe that they should be placed in an area where someone my age will not be able to find them .
So the next time you go to the library and see something that is offensive to you , just remember that there are a lot of different people in this world who might find what you think is offensive , interesting