Yes , there are a lot of books out there that have graphic and sexual phrases , and there are alot of concernd parents out there that are worried about what the libraries are possibly letting their kids read .
One good idea would be to put age limit signs in certain areas on the libraries , that dosent neccisarrly mean that the kid is goin to listen to that sign .
We all know for a fact that pornagraphy will stay away from libraries and stay were they are at right now so thats not an issue the parents should worry about .
I think the libraries should be broken onto sections .
Theres a kid section , a teen section , and a adult section , but i don't think that the adult section should be to far off the teen section because when we say adult books or magazines everybody expects it to be one thing , porn .
It should still be some type of book with some kind of censorship to it .
There should be doors blocking each entrance to each section of books , and to get to them you to show the librarian some proof of age to be able to get into those sections , except the kid section .
The kid section is a section that all kids can use , because we know that that section of books would be harmless to kids .
I think that with that kind of security it would let parents to be able to be less stressed and worried for their childs safety and insecurity of the mind .
There are tons of other ideas to explore to be able to try and keep books with some kind of censorship but most of them are off the wall and rediculus .
I think that musoc and movies shouldn't even be in libraries just leave those to other stores it's better to let stores deal with that than libraries .
The librarian probably dosen't even know half the cds that probably get checked out anyways .
So it's best if you don't have those in there at all .
Give some thought to these ideas that I just sprong at you .
I personally think that having doors blocking to get to certain books would be a great plan to use , because it would block access to these areas from certain kids .
Some other parents or people might have ideas of there own and it would be great to hear them or have some kind of bullitun about them around the city ofr town