Look it's a plane , it's a bird , it's a ... harmful word .
There has been many times when i have read a passage wether it be a magazine article , a book or a newspaper and I have come across harmful words .
They @MONTH1 not all mean harm towards me but towards other readers they could .
People have their own opinnions on different views , so a word or passage could effect me differently then say smeone else .
I don't think it's the materials I think it's the readers maturity level that makes a difference .
That is how harmful words get changed into names and then the next thing peers are calling other peers that word .
For instnce the word 'wetback ' in biography book about the @CAPS1 it is okay to be there , it is when the reader inturperates it the wrong way , and they think it is funny , and cool to go around and call someone that word , especially a person of that race .
That is when I dont think materials like this should be on shelves , but then again it goes back to the maturity level .
These words or passages can become harmful to someone that hasn't even read it , but because someone that has took the iniciative to start calling someone that word , or relating that passage to them .
Books can , and are a great reliable source for schoolers that are researching for class projects , i think it's the certain topics of books that's get these words turned into harm .
Books about certain races can cause name calling among a school just because they read it in a book and think it is okay , because the book described a person that way doesn't mean it's okay for the reader to start calling people by that word .
Other topics like 'sex ' in a book can be inturperated in the wrong way as well .
Some teens think it's okay just because the characters in the book are doing it then it's okay for them and their significant other to try it .
Either way with the book left on the shelf or taken off it is still going to be a problem with name calling .
So it's going to take something else then a materials being removed from a shelf to find a solution to this problem