Is there a song that your parents wouldn't let you listen to when you were a child ?
When you sang this song did they yell at you and ground you because they had told you many times before that you weren't allowed to listen to it ?
How about a movie that you wanted to go watch because it was what everyone was talking about but it was rated @CAPS1 so you weren't allowed to watch it .
That book on that shelf that you accidentally ran into while doing a research project .
Containing inappropriate language and terms .
There is much media and books that are out there that parents wouldn't want their children to read .
But over all there is the government who censors things going on around the world .
Censoring can have good and bad qualities .
In my experience I 've noticed that people that know less tend to be more happy than people who know more .
But if you are able to read and or watch these censored materials you would see the idea from a certain point of view , and maybe agree with the person .
Most news is about things that are bad , rarely any good news comes around .
For example if something were to happen in @LOCATION1 , where thousands of people were being used to test if lions liked to eat humans , the government would censor the news to the people in their country due to any reason .
If there was movie that was made that was racist against @CAPS2 people the government would probably censor it .
Things that look bad tend to be censored .
I 've noticed that people who read censored material feel special because they read or saw something that wasn't supposed to be known by the rest of the population .
A lot more freedom of speech would occur if censored material wasn't censored .
People also tend to become mad when they find out that material is being censored because they feel like something is being hidden for them , could be valuable information .
In reading I have noticed that societies that practice censorship tend to have angry citizens .
But in the other hand if they believe that it's for the good of the society then they accept the fact that it's not good for them .
People also want to be given the right to make their own decisons .
In a censored civilizaton they have no idea what is going on outside their borders and are usually clueless or being lied to by their government .
Censorship can have good and bad qualities .
People tend to be offended when material is censored , but it's probably for the best for them .
Hidden information could be good and bad but mostly bad , most people want to know the truth rather than a lie .
Censorship is just bad in general , people should have the right to make their own decisions on what they want to read or watch .