Have you ever went to the library and while looking for a book you come across a book about slavery with strong language or teenage years which included alcohol , drugs , and sexual content ?
In the library , you can find books for leisure , study , training , and books found offensive to a variety of people .
People from children whose parents would be appalled by what their kids are reading about to adults find books offensive .
Although there is things in the library that are found offensive , I believe that books , movies , magazines , and music with offensive things in them should stay on the shelves because the internet is no different then the offensive things in a library , most people don't mind the vulgar and violence within the pages , and there are some fantastic books that some might find offensive .
People for centuries have been writing and coming up with songs , movies , and magazines .
What was accepted 'back then ' is now considered inappropriate for viewers and readers .
There are many things in a library that , if not careful , could corrupt your children .
Children reading about violence , drugs , and other no no's are what teaches them wrong .
Parents and other people have been concerned about the censorship of libraries .
Hard enough as it is , parenting doesn't need the help of books , movies , and music to influence the bad onto children .
Children are the future and they need to be taught the right way .
An old librarian once told me that books need to be cherished throughout the years because they will eventually be replaced with technology and all the books , good or bad , will be gone .
It's hard to even imagine how technology is replacing various things in our lives and how it has changed from when it first started to be popular .
How does this pertain to offensive books ?
Like almost everything out there , the internet could be used for good , or for harm .
Parents are concerned about their children reading books that are bad but let their child surf the internet which is hard telling how many inappropriate sites he/she might go to accidentally , or on purpose .
Books , music , and other offensive stuff in libraries are minor compared to the internet .
Protecting children from adult content filled libraries should be the least of a parents concerns .
Even if they are concerned about the minds of their children when they go inside a library , they can filter what a child looks at and reads about .
The internet is the real bad guy if anything is going to be blamed for corruption of minds .
Many people throughout the world have different tastes of what they like in a book .
A good plotline , good dialogue , interesting theme , drama , language , violence , drugs , alcohol , and sex are all ways people find reading books enjoyable .
Their own opinion on what is interesting is what helps them decide on books to read .
Reading books is a passion to some and enjoyable books is a must for them .
Without offensive books , people would find reading boring , and wouldn't be as popular as it has been .
I don't know about you , but I enjoy books that aren't boring .
Most offensive books are not boring and the action is what gets my attention and keeps me reading .
There are great books that for years people have enjoyed reading and continue to read today .
Even thought they are offensive , they provide good details that are required for a good book .
Tom @PERSON2 and @PERSON1 are famous for writing ghory , violent , grusome books that would be qualified as offensive to others .
You have the choice not to read them or to read them .
Books that deal with slavery @MONTH1 also be found offensive like the book @CAPS1 .
It does a supurb job at describing how things were during slave times .
Books , music , magazines and music should not be removed from the book shelves because they are essensial to everyday people and reading .
They are required by some to enjoy a good book .