I am a student from @CAPS1 .
I wanted to let you know that there have been some great and interesting books that I have read from the schools library and the public library as well .
The only problem is that there have been some complaints from my friends and families about the books .
Not only that but I 've also seen books that are not appropriate for children to be reading .
I just wanted to let you know this because I was kind of thinking that taking books out wouldn't be a good idea for them to do .
I think so because without books less people would want to read and not learn .
To begin with , I wanted to talk about the complaints that friends have told me .
One of them was that at the school there had not been good books to read and that they want to take most of them out and replace them with the ones they like .
I was thinking that if they did that they would be the only ones to go to the library because it is only there choice and not everyones .
So what I 'm trying to say is that if we don't have good books students won't be going to the library .
If they don't get books then they won't do well in school which is something that will affect the school .
Furthermore about the complaints was that one of my own family member had seen a young girl looking at a book that was not appropriate for her at the public library .
So instead of taking those types of books out they should be put into a room that is strictly not for children to go in .
They should do that because if it were to be taken out then that book wouldn't ever be used again .
Also another reason is that If they were to be taken out , then another peson might need information over the topic of the book and wouldn't be able to find it because it isn't there .
That is why I thing those types of books should be in a special room intead of them being taken out .
Finally , as I had somewhat mentioned earlier is that books are truly important .
That is why I go against taking books out that are not favored by others .
If a person doesn't like a certain book/ magazine then they should just request the book/ magazie that they want to read .
By doing that then the book that arn't being used could actually be used by someone else that is intersted in it .
So if we keep all our book , then more students and people would go and read .
In conclusion , people might say that taking out book is better than keeping them .
Well in the way I see it , they are wrong because keeping them is better .
It is better because someday those books can be useful nomatter how old they are .
If they were inappropriate books like metioned earlier , they should be put away in a good place .
If there arn't enough interesing ones then requesting one is another way to do it .
That is why I think that taking out books from the shelves is wrong and they should do watever in order to not let books go to waist