There are things in this world that are relative .
Censorship is one of them .
Relative means that one person has a different view than that of another .
Censorship is when a person or organization in authority does not allow people to see things that they believe are inappropriate .
One phrase that is very important to censorship is 'things that they believe . '
@CAPS1 is inappropriate to one person could be deemed viewable to another .
This should not be decided by one person or even one group that believes they know @CAPS1 is socially acceptable or politically correct .
Censorship in libraries are not a good thing .
@PERSON3 and @CAPS2 walk into a library , and there is a magazine on the rack that depicts a person standing over a two hundred pound , twenty four point , state record , whitetail deer with with a gun in their hand .
@PERSON3 is a firm believer in providing for his family and the rights given to an individual in the second ammendment of the @LOCATION1 constitution .
Even if that means killing an animal for its resources .
For some there is pride in harvesting an animal and knowing that they provided that meat .
@PERSON3 will see the magazine as an opportunity .
He might learn tips from the magazine , or find some new gear that he thinks could be useful .
@CAPS2 on the other hand is a conservative .
She believes killing is wrong and inhumane .
She goes to the store and buys her meat from the freezer section .
@CAPS2 prefers not to know where her meat came from .
She will view this magazine as inappropriate .
Again , censorship is relative to the person looking over the material .
Does that mean that just because @CAPS2 thinks the magazine is inappropriate , it should be taken off of the shelf so that someone like @PERSON3 can not read it , appreciate it , and gain knowledge from it ?
That choice is up to @CAPS2 not to read the magazine , not to the librarian .
@CAPS2 is responsible for her own views and choices .
She is entitled to them .
@PERSON3 is entitled as well .
Leave the choice to the reader .
Over in the book section there are @PERSON1 and @PERSON2 .
@PERSON1 is a fanatic for science and history .
@PERSON2 has a preference for religious books that explain the theology behind some of the things the world says and things of his religion .
At the end of the row , on top of the shelf sits a book on the topic of evolution .
@PERSON1 belives this theory and sees the book as interesting .
@PERSON2 looks at the book and thinks to himself , 'That stuff is not true .
Why would anyone waste their time reading it . '
Does that mean that the book should be taken off the shelf because @PERSON2 will not read it .
@PERSON2 should just walk away from it .
If he chooses not to , that is up to @PERSON2 .
Leave that choice to @PERSON2 .
Up at the desk there are the librarians.They have their views and opinions and are entitled to them as well .
But the books , music , movies , and magazines that are displayed for checking out should not be chosen because he or she likes them or opposes them , but because someone might be looking for the information in that material .
If the choice is left to them that material might not be available to the reader that needs it .
Censorship is a terrible thing for libraries .
It takes material away from people that can be useful .
Censorship , along with many other things is relative .
@CAPS1 one person @MONTH1 deem inappropriate could be viewed as totally fine with another person .
Based on moral values , character , and opinions developed with progression of life , people have made judgements on @CAPS1 is appropriate or unacceptable .
That choice to look at that magazine , read that book , or listen to that song should be left up to them , not made for them .