All things in the world are not strictly black and white .
Every person is different , with varying ideas .
So when some people are certain that a specific word or topic should be restricted , there will always be another person to say the exact opposite .
Sometimes , what's found as 'vulgar ' can only be introduced with the intent of education .
Also , this ties in with something our country was founded on , which is freedom of the speech , and the press .
Magazines , music , books and movies are mainly for entertainment .
Everyone who reads or watches something will take it in differently , and it will have a varying effect .
Let's say there is a @NUM1-year-old girl who just had her first day of high school .
While at lunch , she slipped and dropped her tray of food .
Later that day while she's alone reading her favorite magazine , she's reading an article about embarrassing stories , where one girl accidentally walked into a boys ' restroom .
Some parents @MONTH1 deem this inappropriate , but it has made the young girl feel better about her situation .
It's human to mess up and act crazy ; we aren't perfect by nature .
So when we see errors made into comedies and dramas by any form of media , it's human to realize that we aren't the only ones who undergo these events .
To censor books and televisions would be like claiming nothing bad happens .
Not to say that a novel written about brutal murder that contains sexual references should be given to a little kid , but it should not be pulled from the shelf all together .
The topic of censorship in schools is also a very sensitive one , especially with younger kids .
As Katherine Paterson pointed out , if every parent had the right to remove a book that they thought was not suitable , then eventually there would be nothing left .
Many parents are uneasy with the thought of their child being taught things like sexual education , but on the other hand , there are also the parents who appreciate it .
They do so not because it saves them time , but because certain explicit topics - to an extent - can help someone mature if it's done in a controlled environment .
Years ago , it was not uncommon to see censorship in the media .
It could range from saying 'intercourse ' to replace 'sex ' or it could be something like extreme propoganda .
There's a reason that our consitution protects freedom of speech .
No matter how appauling someone @MONTH1 find a topic , it usually has some type of informative purpose .
Otherwise , it probably wouldn't have gotten issued .
Choosing what is and isn't offensive is a matter of opinion .
As previously stated , no two humans are exactly the same , and their opinions won't be either .
So this means that if one person out of a group is allowed to dispose of or censor whatever they find necessary , it must be recognized that some portion of the remaining people will be unsatisfied .
This is usually where people will claim that the law protects their freedom of speech .
In the end , the media is largely for entertainment .
It provides numerous shows and articles , with a huge array of topics .
This goes to show that if one should find something offensive , it doesn't mean they have to rip it off the shelves and complain ; it simply means they have the opportunity look elsewhere