'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf . '
Katherine Paterson .
Katherine Paterson is an auther who , like the quote from her , believes that some books should never reach the hands of children .
Does everyone believe the same way , no .
I am one of those few people who believe that no one should have the right to remove a book simply because they find the book offensive .
Your an old fashion woman who believes in old fashion ideals such as no cursing or violence .
You , as this woman , pick up a book and read the first page , on this page you see cursing and deside to remove all books with violence or cursing from the library .
The library soon becomes half empty because of one woman and her belifs .
Belifs are a wonderful thing ouside of reading and can make you who you want to be .
Books do not , in my opinion , have belifs .
This is true for some books but a book where someone runs from danger or flys into the sky , those are not belifs those are dreams and no one can crush dreams offensive or not .
I compair books to dreams simply for the fact that they are dreams , the dreams of the authers who wrote them and wanted to share that dream with the world .
Telling a person they can not publish there book simply because another person finds it affensive is telling the auther your dream is offensive .
If you do not want your child to share this book of dreams then do not let your child pick up the book .
You are the parent of the child who picks up this book then you can protect it from the offensive danger it holds like you protect it from the dangers of strangers in the real world .
Authers do not always write for the sake of everyone .
Authers do not write for one woman , one man , one child , authers write for those who share a similer dream .
If you do not share the same dream as the auther that is fine , no one is forcing you to share in there sometimes dark and sometimes amazing dreams .
Authers write because they wish to write , to express themselfs in ways only words and storys can .
Do not shun a book because one thing in it offends you , @CAPS1 a book is @CAPS1 someones dream .
In short you would never crush your childs dreams .
If your child wants to grow up and be a fireman you do not tell them that it is offensive to people so they cant .
Why would you do something to someone elses dream who you have never met .
Be a bigger person and allow that person to live there dream through a story .
No matter the level of offiense you do not have to pick up the book and read it .
the number one way to not be affended by a book that @MONTH1 affend you is to never read the book to start with .