Certain material that are made to offend people should be removed from shelves everywhere .
I am against any material that are offensive to someone or something else .
The three main reasons I am against this is because it is wrong to offend others , offending others can lead to personal issues , and offending others or something else will eventually tire out .
To simply write a book or a magazine , or make a movie just to offend someone or something is wrong .
People should always treat others the way that they would like to be treated .
For someone to make negative lyrics about a person or something says something about the person who made that song .
Maybe that person has personal issues .
In order for that person to ignore their personal issues , they make fun of someone else .
Offending other people can lead to personal problems .
How ?
If someone steadily talks about you or , on a daily basis , offends you , people can get depressed .
They can start believing that they are nothing .
I remember a girl in the eighth grade told everyone that I was a 'garden tool ' and that I would do anything for a piece of change .
She also made a song , taunting me everyday about how I looked .
She actually recorded it and passed it out at school .
People heard it , and like followers , they started taunting me , too .
I soon became depressed .
I got so bad to the point that I was suicidal .
I thought the world would be a better place without me .
I had to go see a shrink to get over those thoughts .
What other people do to you or say about you can have a bad effect on them .
Last but not least , people will eventually get tired of hearing bad things about someone .
The victim will get tired of being teased or talked about .
People would stop listening to that negative garbage .
If people stop supporting that degrading stuff , then the author wouldn't have anything to write about .
The singer wouldn't have anything to sing about .
Their career will have gone down the drain because there is no future in offending others .
There are many reasons why offensive materials should be removed from the shelves in libraries , stores , and everywhere else .
These negative comments will get nowhere in life .
As I brought out in my body , it's simply wrong to offend others , it can lead to personal issues , and it will eventually tire out or get old .
Nothing good comes from making people feel bad .
So once again , these negative materials should be abolished everywhere .