Censorship @CAPS1 you are trying to find the right book , music , movie , magizine , you @MONTH1 come across some interesting ones .
Should libraries ban certain books just because of some contend on one page ?
The person has that ability to read that book or not .
Banning books has been a huge problem in today's society and needs to be stopped .
People should be old enough to choose a book that they enjoy and not have to worry about , does this libary have the book that I want .
They should not have to think that way @CAPS1 going to a library .
@CAPS1 you think of some of the worst books out there , who would want to read those anyway .
Many books that people think are bad just have a terrible word on one page .
They do not think that they are banning a perfectly good book for others .
@PERSON2's ' @CAPS2 @CAPS3 ' was a big upror wheather or not to put the book on the shelfs .
The book intailed the @CAPS4 word , and some people were not pleased in this sequence .
The book was very well written and just had a few bad words .
Should a few bad words keep a book from being a prize winner .
The book was such a great story and should be read by many people and should not be kept in a storage room in boxes .
There are many ways to keep a certain age from gettting a certain book .
The library could put those certain books in @CAPS5 own part of the library .
Keeping the books in a different part of the library might be a better suited way instead of banning the books altogether .
The book still will be censored to be in that section or not , but we still will have those wonderful books that we all love so much .
What if there was a great informative book about how to do a certain task and no one knew how to do it .
That book contained bad language , should the health and knowledge of the world go down because of some bad material in a book , that could help us in the near future .
Authors have just the same right as we do .
They should get a say in wheather @CAPS5 own book is liable to be on the shelfs .
The government should not get all the say in this series matter in hand .
The community and the author that writes it should get more of the say then anyone else .
@CAPS1 an author writes a novel they think of the great content they are putting into this great piece of art not thinking of , is this suitable for children to read .
The author just loves to write and should not have to think of all the concerns that they should just not worry about .
There is this book we read this year called ' @CAPS5 @CAPS6 Are @CAPS7 @CAPS8 ' .
This book had language that I do not think would be suitable for others in some content that was in the novel .
Now do I think the the novel should be banned from a library ?
No , because it used the words in a very nonviolent way .
@CAPS1 reading it I felt that I was not harmed by the content and neither were any of my fellow classmates .
@PERSON1 was the author of this book and I thought she did an excellent job of writing this piece of literature .
So the next time you think of banning a book think of all the warm hearts you could be crushing