In my opinion everyone should have a right to go to the library and get whatever book , magazine , movie , and music they what .
People go to the library for a lot of reason computers , books , etc .
Also having a public library comes handy for people that don't have a computer at home .
It's a public library you should be able to go there an find about anything you need book or movie wise .
Everyone has differnt likes an interests about their books or movies , and i 'm sure people go to the library an expect them to have what they are looking for .
Some people do go to the library an not find what there looking for .
Then people get mad an upset cause they figured the library would have it an they don't .
But yes I think that there should be any kind of magazine , movie , or book at the library that you need .
I mean it's a library they should have it all .
Also people have the right to go get whatever book , or movie they want .
It's called freedom everyone is diffrent and everyone likes diffrent things .
There has been a few times I have went to our library to find books or movies an they didn't have them .
You would think that a library would have a book or movie over trying to potty train a toddler , but they didn't .
I think that they should have any an every kind of book , magazine , an movie you want at the library .
Yeah some people @MONTH1 take offense to it but who cares obviously they don't want it so leave it an go get what you want .
Just cause you don't like it don't mean other people don't .
So no I don't think just cause some people don't like them they should be removed from the shelves .
So no i absolutely do not think that any books , movies , magazines should be removed from the shevles .
You are who you are an you like what you like it shoudn't matter what other people think about it as long as it's what you like .
So in my opinion the library should be a good use to everyone , and leave the books , magazines , etc .
on the shevles for the people who do like to read or watch them