Censorship in the @CAPS1 @CAPS2 , what is offensive to some @MONTH1 not be to others .
So how do we know when expressing ourselves in an artistic manner that we 've gone to far ?
We don't and thats why censorship is such a controversial topic .
In the music industry recently there has been messages in songs and music videos that aren't the best suited for teenagers .
Being a teenager is a time of constant turmoil in one's life , you are required to make decisions that will define you as a person .
When songs out there are about drug use and other crimes teens see them as cool things and follow along cause they see them as everyday activities that can do no harm but little do they know that they are wrecking their life by doing this , so I somewhat agree with censorship in that kind of thing .
In literature and art things take a more serious tone than in music and other media .
With literature it's about conveying ones thoughts and feelings about a story or other subject .
In art you express yourself vissually on a canvas or abstractly through other materials and forms , but in both ways you express your feelings and emotins .
So censoring these would in turn censor one voice and emotions .
When you take away a man's voice and emotions you are left with an empty shell of a person who will never know life to the fullest .
As time has changed I have found that people have also changed .
When @PERSON1 uses the ' @CAPS3-word ' in some of his literary works it didn't offend people at the time , but now times have changed .
Now it's not ok that @PERSON1 used this word but on the other hand it's ok for rappers and others to say it every other word in their music .
so how do we know what's offensive and what's not ?
well it's all from the reader , listener , or viewer's point of view .
These days parents try to sheild their children from the outside world and make it seem that it's all rainbows and butterflies by censoring things the children might be subject to read , hear , or see in their day to day lives .
This does not solve the problems in the world there will always be war , crime , and death no matter how hard we try to stop it as long as there's 'good ' there will always be 'bad ' .
All loyalties aside in my honest opinion I believe censorship in the @CAPS1 is a bad idea and will never work to solve actual problems with the world .
It will just cover them up just like the dialouge or image they so badly want to go away .