Katherine Paterson wrote about the true impact of censoring what is put in a library .
In the quote she mentions how if what every single person finds offensive is removed , eventually nothing is left .
The question of , 'Should library content be censored ? '
is a largely debated question .
There is a simple answer to this question .
It should not be censored .
Views on what should be censored and why , vary based on type of person and their background .
As Katherine Paterson said , 'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work I abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@PERSON2 made the observation that most people would not think far enough to realize .
The most logical thing is to not censor what works are put into libraries .
As was previously stated , once every person pulls what they deem should not be on shelves , the library will be but a building without books .
To keep children from getting into certain types of literature , movies , and music , libraries could have a section set off within the adult section for these works .
Many public libraries do not even have these types of items that would be so highly disputed for the simple fact that if the library does not even carry it , they do not have to worry about issues .
These public institutions are working for the best of the visitors , and if there are works needing to be kept from the childrens ' section , there is no doubt that this would be taken care of appropriately .
The topic of censorship is a very touchy subject to start with .
This goes back to the debate of what exactly should be censored .
The problem with what is 'explicit , ' is that there is no black and white line .
Does a book become inappropriate because a teen girl becomes pregnant within the pages ?
In some eyes , the fact that a teenager got inpregnated within a book makes it inappropriate , but critics will argue that this is life and to shield the world from reality makes us all blind .
Proper instillation of morals and values on the homefront will help young citizens make intelligent choices , but expecting the world to censor itself for each individual is something that would never be possible .
Censorship in libraries is a touchy subject , but like Katherine Paterson said , if every person in the world removed what they thought inappropriate , there would be no books left .
This truth being stated , censorship in libraries should be stopped before every book is gone .
As the world turns , life can not be stopped because bad or inappropriate things exist .
It can only be learned that yes , these things @MONTH1 exist , but by using better judgement the whole world can get along just fine without trying to remove everything 'bad . '