If I found a book that I thought was innapropiate for others to read , I would ask the librarian to check into to see what she thinks about the book ( s ) .
If she believed they were offensive , then she could remove the book ( s ) without any questions being asked .
If she was in the middle on a book and didn't know whether she should remove , she could take a vote or tally on that book and then go from there to see if it did needed removed .
The only way I would find a book to be offensive is if it had pictures that were not appropiate for people to look at and it also depends on how old you are .
Another offensive object would be too many words that involved foul language and or racism .
If i found a movie that was offensive , I would just ask that it would be moved to a place that only mature adults should watch or some teenagers .
My opinion can't remove an object from its place unless there were multiple complaints about the book or movie and ect .
Some movies and books should be removed from shelves because younger kids get a hold of these movies ans watch them and then go out into the real world and do these bad actions that was on the film .
For example , if the movie/book was about drugs , then some kids would think it was alright for them to do because they saw it on tv .
Some kids even get killed because they go out and try these dumb ideas they got from the book and or movie .
But the parents also play a role by letting their kid watch these , I think if they would watch what their children do , then some of this won't happen .
Music is another big thing that is becoming more and more out of control with offensive subjects .
There is more foul language in music as it progresses .
@NUM1 years ago , it wasn't that bad , but it's getting worse .
I think some music should be banned because of the violence and sexual content it describes on the music .
Some of the music I listen to , I just want to run it over with my vehicle because the whole song was about drugs , sexual content and or violence .
I don't even know why an artist would want to write a song about bad content because they know younger people will hear it .
I think offensive music has an effect on the violence that actually occurs in today's society because there might be some racism .
I 'm not trying to blame the artists or say it their fault , but I think they should think twice about their songs before they release it so everyone can listen to it .
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but some things should not be on the shelves for our kids and children to listen to and or watch .
I think there will be something done , but it will take time