'All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf .
But if I have the right to remove that book from the shelf -- that work I abhor -- then you also have exactly yhe same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us , ' states Katherine Paterson .
Books and movies all over the world are being censored and removed from libraries , day after day , due to their explicit content .
I believe that books , movies , and magazines should not be removed from the shelf , and that they are there for a genuine purpose .
Explicit objects should not be censored because a human being should have a judgement of their own , children's parents have a right to exclude the material from the child's life , and some material can be useful in life and someone @MONTH1 learn from @CAPS3 .
Children everywhere are being influenced by books , magazines , movies , and even songs .
Some people argue that these harmful materials are affecting how kids behave and act .
I , however , believe that a child should have superb morals and values to know right from wrong .
For example , if a child happens to see a pornography magazine lingering on a shelf of their local grocerey store , they should know that no matter how temping @CAPS3 @MONTH1 be , that buying that pornography magazine would be wrong .
From birth , parents are constantly teaching their children what is right and what is wrong .
They attempt to teach their children the basics : that drugs , alcohol , and smoking will corrupt their health .
@CAPS3 doesn't matter if a child sees someone doing drugs in a movie or hears a song about a teenager getting drunk .
They should not be influenced by this because by using their logic , they should infer that what is being read or listened to isn't always the right thing to do .
Everyday , children's parents have the right to exclude harmful material from a child's life .
After all , they are a superior figure in the child's life , and the child will always look up to them to lead the way .
At most local theaters now , you have to be seventeen to see a rated ' @CAPS1 ' movie .
A lot of theaters allow a child to view a rated ' @CAPS1 ' movie , no matter what age , as long as they have a parent or a gardian present .
Movie theaters feel that by having a child's parent there would help immensly because the parent is choosing for their child to watch that particular movie , instead of the child viewing the movie without their permission .
If a parent doesn't want their child to view a raunchy movie , they can simple say , 'NO ! '
@CAPS3's as simple as that .
If a parent feels that a movie is decent for a child to watch , then go ahead and let them watch that material .
Parental agreement should always be a main factor in determined whether or not a child could view a particular movie or read a certain provacative book .
If all offensive books and movies were removed from the shelf , we would be living in a structured world where no one would learn any more than what they already knew .
Life @MONTH1 possibly become rather boring .
Although , some people @MONTH1 find books and songs to be offensive , others @MONTH1 contribute from these materials .
A child @MONTH1 pick up a book , start reading , and discover some disturbing thoughts that they never would have encountered beyond picking up that book .
They would never of learned such things .
Reading information like this , creates a move advanced society .
Adults and children are becoming smarter each day .
Any parent would agree that they would love any opprotunity to arise for their children to become smarter and more wiser than they already were .
Songs , movies , books , and magazines could provide that for their child .
Reading is an escape from a jungle of wild monkies for some children .
They @MONTH1 use a book to get away from the struggles of everyday life and get lost within its lively pages .
If more and more books are being censored and thrown out , that equates to less books a child could have an opprotunity to discover .
I once read that even @CAPS4 classes all over the world are not allowing their students to read The @CAPS5 of @CAPS6 @CAPS7 .
The teachers find this book to be too inappropriate for their students .
This is unfair for any student , because this novel is inspiring and life changing , so they are definitely missing out .
Also , movies and songs are provided for one's pure entertainment , so @CAPS3 shouldn't always matter if its crude .
A child or young adult @MONTH1 learn things that they never thought imaginable through provided public materials .
In conclusion , books , magaizines , movies , and music are one's individual way of expressing themself .
They should not be censored because a human being should have a judgement of their own , parents have the right to exclude offensive material from a child's life , and material , not matter how crude @CAPS3 @MONTH1 be , can be used as a learning tool .
If more and more material is being removed from our local libraries , @CAPS3's almost like authors are being punished for being unique .
Our children won't be exposed to as much , therefore , they won't learn and grow from @CAPS3 .
Do you really want our society to prohibit intelectual thinking just because they think certain material @MONTH1 be offensive ?
Think about @CAPS3