I believe that profanity has a good side and a bad side .
The good side is profanity is it give books , music , and movies taste and texteure it shows how a person feels most times it's anger .
Profanity also can change a person behavior , by the way people talk and act .
I personally think that profanity is a good and bad i like it in music and movies but i hate it when people talk trash .
I think they should take it off the shelves depending on the person age for example age three and thirteen books should not contain profanity but ages fourteen and up can .
The reason why people should take it off the shelves is beacuse kids should have a healthy and profanity free life .
They should have a a good development turds learning .
Books and other intertaiment should have no profanity because kids at a young age learn easly and if they take in the bad actions of others they will be bad themselfs .
The reason why people should be aware of this problem is if you don't like profanity dont buy it .
Also keep out of kids reach .
The main reason why people swears is because of movies and songs it changes a person dramaticly .
Talking with profanity in your mouth can change your life but not having a good job getting in jail raising up bad kids that learn from the parents mistakes .
In a @CAPS1 profanity is good for movies it gives it action and drama .
profanity is words that are most times negative expressing anger and rudeness .
We have a @CAPS2 full of profanity this is like a wide spred deases .
Passing on from people to kids to their kids .
I have expeariance this the hard way beacuse im chinese and i came to the united states back in @DATE1 , i did not know any english .
People would cuss at me all the time the could all be avoided if we didnt have any profanity in our daily usage of books , music , and movies .
I have learned alot about people by the way they talk letting me know who to stay away from .
We should keep profanity but limit it from kids .
Profanity is like ice cream people wants it and other dont .
People could make there choice of putting themselfs in a profanity free life .
people can do what they think is the right thing to do .
Taking it off the shelves for kids is what i think is the right thing to do but not adults .
Due to profanity people tend to put themselfs in truble .
For example some people in the use gets pulled over by a officer for a low cost speeding ticket but then they would swear at the officer putting them selfs in more truble this could all be avoided if he didnt have ever said anything .
Profanity could also make a good motivational speech i know this beacuse im on the @LOCATION1 football team .
Before every game our coach would motivate us by giving us a speech to get us pumped up with profanity in it .
So in the end what im saying is porfanity should say but keep it out of reach of kids for books parents dont buy them if you dont want your kids to see them .
Movies read the lable on the back of the @CAPS3 and see the agae limit and for profanity .
Lock up the @ORGANIZATION1 shows that have profanity in it so your kids have no acess to them .
If you dont want any part of profanity you can make yourself to stayway from it .
We all know the there is nothing you can do about others useing profanity just dont use it yourself and stay clean do what you think is right