All materials in a library are for the public .
This is why we have public libraries .
Children are most likely with an adult when they go to a library and are normaly looking for books or activities that they would enjoy at their age .
If a costomer in a library finds a book or item that they find offensive then it most likely was not an accident .
Materials in libraries are for the public and should not be taken away just because a few find it offensive .
Children are very suspicious in libraries because they know that adult material is also in the library .
This is where an adult comes in and supervises the child .
Some parents don't mind that children see these images or read innapropriate information , but on the other hand some parents do .
If someone comes across information that would be offensive they were most likely looking for it and are aware of where it is .
Everyone in a library has the right to take or read what they want .
There is no sign outside the door that says only certain ages of people can visit certain areas of the store .
It is the parent or gardians decision to allow or not alow their child to visit the more innapropriate areas of the store .
Everyone has different rules and those rules are to be followed , but it is not the libraries job to keep track and watch those children to make sure they stay in their designated area .
There is a place for everything in a library and most of the locations are pretty obvious as to what kind of information is held there .
For instance , more adult and innapropriate material is located in the back of the store .
Adult matter is held back there to make it more private and harder for little children to discover and to be alittle more private to people who are reading it .
Childrens ' books and movies are usually loctaed in the front of the store so it draws their attention more .
Children @MONTH1 never know what else is in the store if they dont go looking for it .
Children should be acompanied by an adult if the adult believes their child would wander off looking for innapropriate materal .
Other material that could be offensive could not only be to children , it could be offensive to different races or cultures as well .
Also if a person finds that information , they were most likely looking for it .
Everything is labeled in a library and something doesn't just pop up out of nowhere if you where not looking for it .
Overall material in a store is public and for anyone who comes into the store .
Children should be watched if they are suspicous and wander in the library .
If someone does not want to find this informatin or think it would be offensive , then they should not go near the area which it is located