When it comes to my idea of having censorship in the libraries around the world I believe that there are cases when there are books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, that should not be on the shelves .
Not only are there things in the books , etc .
that children might not understand and take the wrong way , but there are also things that adults of any age might take offensivley as well .
In my years of being in school I have encountered many books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, that I have thought should never even end up on the shelves of libraries .
For one example , I was looking through the library one day for a book that I would be able to do my book report on , and just from reading the back of the book I learned that this book involved drugs , sex , and many other things that I thought would be inappropriate for someone even my age to read .
For the librarians and other school workers involved in the buying of books , I am sure that they never even think twice about a book being offered to young children and teenagers that it would be inapropriate or offensive , but in almost all cases every single book has something that would prove them wrong .
Also I have encountered offensive behavior while reading a book that was said to be a wonderful book even for someone under the age of twelve .
In my own experience from reading the book I would have to say that these people are crazy and should reevaluate the the specific age they market to .
Not only are there books that I have found in the library to be inappropriate and offensive but also many magazines , movies , and music .
There is usually not alot of music that would involve offensive behavior in libraries but in some cases there are .
For example , I new someone that was doing a report on pop culture and while researching the music and listening to the music that the library provided , they found it to be very offensive and inappropriate for himself to hear .
Other than that I have found that movies and magazines are just as bad as books when it comes to being offensive .
I myself would think that teenagers above the age of @NUM1 would understand the meaning of being mature .
I have observed that most teenagers and even children that read offensive books end up having a behavior that most parents and teachers do not approve of .
When it comes time for my children to reach this age I would hope that they would never act like some of the kids I have seen or spoken with .
After understanding how much inappropriate/offensive behavior there is in books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, I not only recommend that they evaluate the type of books , and other resources that are offered in libraries , but also I have realized that I sure hope they get this matter taken care of right away .
I not only feel that parents around the world would feel the same as I do , but I know for a fact that I would never want my children to read books that I have read or been offered through my high school library .
This is a very serious matter that all teachers and parents should realize when they recommend books to children and even teenagers .
The world is becomming more and more violent every single day , and it is up to the future children to solve this problem .
In a sitaution like this , we do not want the minds of the youth to be infested with offensive and inappropriate behavior .
Let this be a step in the right direction