Censorship in libraries is a big argument today .
Many people wonder what is considered 'appropriate ' for our children .
With several @CAPS3 and @CAPS2 factors these days it is hard to find something that is not offensive to ones culture .
Three main reasons we are not able to find a book reasonable , yet non-offensive for our children in libraries includes @CAPS1 , @CAPS2 beliefs , and @CAPS3 beliefs .
@CAPS1 was a big deal in the late @NUM1's to early @DATE1's .
Thanks to @LOCATION2 , slavery became illegal in the @LOCATION1 .
Although , there are still many racist comments , articles , and films published today .
If someone does not stop the harsh comments , then it @MONTH1 never stop .
Even though it is not such a big deal today , that doesn't mean it won't continue to happen .
Children do not need to see or hear racist comments made toward their race like many of their ancestors did .
Harsh put-downs and comments toward @CAPS2 beliefs are also inappropriate for the society , let alone for children to read .
Books containing this are not considered appropriate for children and need to be placed in a different section of the library .
As a teenage reader , my biggest belief and interest is learning about other cultures to see what it would be like to live in another country .
There are countless religions in the world today , many of which are accustomed by their own god ( s ) .
I belief it is of a great cause for children of the modern day world to celebrate their own religion how they would like .
However , I believe it is not right to make hateful opinions toward other religions .
This is also a thing that yet children have the ability to read about .
Children should not be reading about fictious facts of religions and making the thought process in their head when they assume something is true about that religion when it is not .
It is definitely a great idea to stick those materials in the @NUM2 section .
For now , children should be receiving material that they can easily comprehend and find interesting .
It would be a great idea to make a fiction section appropriate for kids and then a @NUM2 section for kids and/or adults .
An idea to take into consideration is that every local public library could have a meeting to decide whether to keep the library in easy-access form or not .
That is for you to decide !