Every single person has there own beliefs and disbeliefs when it comes to books , music or anything in life for that matter .
What @MONTH1 be a bad and vulgar book in our opinion @MONTH1 not be bad in others opinionated views .
Everyone will have there own views about a book , music , movies , or magazines .
That's why censorship is good in a public place like a library .
Does that mean we 're saying that you can't like what you want to like , listen to what you want to lisetn to , or watch what you want to watch in your own home ?
No , by censoring all that in public places like librarys or say video stores your helping fight a lot of trouble and concerns that could happen in the future .
Then again censoring movies , music , books , and magazines in a library could also be a bad thing .
Not everyone is going to like the same things or be interested in all the same movies or books .
At the same time though we can't censor every single thing someone doesn't like .
By removing something because one parent has a complaint over their child watching , or reading a book they thought was too 'vulgar ' then your giving that right to any parent that complains about their child doing that .
It's not the librarys responsibility to watch over everyones child , to make sure they watch and read what their parents want them to .
Kids will be kids and they 'll do what they want to do .
By censoring and taking things off shelfs of librarys your not preventing them from watching a movie they shouldn't be seeing , or reading about book they 're not supposed to be reading .
Censoring librarys is just like censoring words in movies , by doing that it's not stopping your child from hearing or learing vulgar language .
Children now in this day and age hear more vulgar words in school then they do in movies and television .
What does the word offensive really mean to a person ?
Everyone has their own opinion on whats offensive and whats not .
Like i said , everyone has there own opinions and views on life and everything in it .
You can't remove everything off the shelfs because one parent doesn't think it's right for their child or other children to be seeing , looking at , or listening to .
We all have freedom to look at what we want and listen to the kind of music we feel like listening to .
By taking things off the shelfs that maybe other people like oppose to others then your taking that right away as a @CAPS1 citizen .
Censoring on some things like , sex scenes in movies , or maybe vulgar language in music is alright in my opinion .
Taking books off the shelf because you don't like the way its written or you don't like the person who wrote it , or you don't like the kind of language the author decided to use in it isn't alright to me , you 're pushing the limit on that one .
Books teach kids things everyday , books give children imagination .
By taking books off shelfs i think you 're hurting a childs ability to grow .
Censoring is a good and bad thing .
It could hurt children or it could help their ability to grow .
Censoring some things are a good thing , but like i said not everything with vulgar language should be censored , or vulgar scences .
Sometimes in order to grow and live in this world children need to read and see the things we as people but in books and movies