I do not think that there is a need to remove offensive materials from libraries .
Some people @MONTH1 find these things offensive , but I think that others will be greatly offended if they remove these things .
Take rap music for example .
There are many people that think that the lyrics of those songs are just terrible and offensive .
Other people think that rap music is amazing .
I do not think rap is very good at all , but I would not go the extent of saying that rap songs should not be played on the radio , and that the @CAPS1 should not be sold in stores .
The same thing could be said for these materials in the library .
Some @MONTH1 find them offensive but others greatly apreciate it .
Some people @MONTH1 be interested in these topics .
Just like some people @MONTH1 be interested in fantasy or comedy .
It would not be fair for libraries to remove these materails from the library , and deny the people that do like them the rite to rent these materials .
Another factors is the maturity of the reader .
If the person who is reading book or viewing movies that @MONTH1 be offensive is viewing them for clear interest then is no problem with it .
But if the reader is not reading for interest , then there is a problem there .
It all depends on the maturity that people have when they enter a library .
The materials in libraries are there to give everyone a chance to find something that interests them .
Just because someone else @MONTH1 find those materials offensive is no reasons to take them off the shelf .
I can see why some parents @MONTH1 be upset that their kids @MONTH1 see some of the things in the library that @MONTH1 not be apropriate , but all the libraries that I have been to have a had a special area for kids materials .
If the parents where woried about their kids seing some the questionable materials they could bring the kid to that area .
I dont think that these materials that @MONTH1 seem offensive to some people should be removed from libraries .
Everyone is going to be affended by something and it is not fare to deprive others of those materials even it is offensive to some .