Censorship in libraries should not be allowed .
Libraries are given to people for new learning opportuites and for entertainment purposes .
Everyone has their own likes and dislikes , not two peoples are the same .
First of all when a person goes to the library they should know that the books that are in there were selected by the owner of the library .
Therefore it is their responsibility to put books into the library and take books out .
What the owner of a library will try to do is to put a little bit of everything in it .
What is ment by this statement is that there are so many differnt types of writting that people are bound to not like something .
So that is why the owner will add a bit of everything into their library .
If someone has gotten a book that seems to be to their type of book , but after they start to read it they find it offensive to them they should not just throw the book out all together , but they should take it back to the library and talk to the owner about it .
People have their rights to do what they want with a book , but if it is a book from the library then it technically is proporty of the library .
So if someone gets offended with a book they should go talk to the owner let them know their concern , and try to have something done about it .
In truth they will not be the only ones who have that oppionin .
It takes one person to make the difference .
Books are not made for just one person they are made for many people to read and possibly enjoy .
People have their oppininons and will stick by them .
Thats expected to happen with books , they are all different as are people .
The society that everyone lives in is filled with people of diverse oppions and who are not afraid of expressing them .
There is nothing wrong with expressisng them eigther , actually its better that way only because then others can hear about a book and eigther agree with that oppionoin or disagree , therefore finding out what type of writing do they really like .
Books yes can be thrown out by rights , but the moment everyone starts doing that is the moment when everyone can no longer spread their oppionion .
To spread an oppion is to let the world know wehre someone stands on a spacific topic .
Without that the world would be just plain old boring having nothing to talk about because people would all share the same opinoin .
Censorship in libraries should not be allowed for more reasons than one .
~~ @PERSON1