Need help with Censorship in @ORGANIZATION1 ( I chaged the @ORGANIZATION2 of this story that I heard from my grandparents because I could not remember the real one .
This is not really happening at the @ORGANIZATION1 I think . )
To the people at the @ORGANIZATION3 I would like to tell you and your readers that there is something wrong with the @ORGANIZATION2 .
Nothing really all to serious I guess .
It seems the libaraiains there are censoring tons of books and other materials .
One of which I really need for a homework assignment on the movie @CAPS1 .
They say that they are censoring what I need for the assignment because it is to bloody and scary for some of the other readers .
There have also been some complates from parents as well , saying that their kids had nightmares for weeks from the movie .
To that I said well can I still use the computers there to get information .
They said that they have already blocked all the inaproperate sites as well .
I do not have internet at home so you can see how well that is going to go at school .
So then I tryed to get the @CAPS2 to uncensor all of the stuff they have all ready have censored .
So that way I could just make them censor all the werid adult rated things at the @ORGANIZATION2 .
That way no kid will have nightmares any more.I also threw in the idea of seperarting all the @CAPS3 and @CAPS4 by age group like child , teen , older teen .
To this they said all right but they were going to keep the classic @CAPS4 and @CAPS3 The @CAPS2 said they @MONTH1 try my idea and see if it works But I would have to volunteer at the @ORGANIZATION2 and go through all the stuff that has been censored over the years .
To this I said ok , but after I saw home big the censor list was it was like a nightmare over a hundered pages of book at least .
I was to scared to see how long the other lists were .
So seeing that it was to big for me to handle alone I got most of the other volunteers to help me .
Then put up posters at the school I go to , to see if anyone else would be willing to help me .
So far there has not been much progress in the lists so I would like to ask that if there are any readers out there reading this article .
I could sure use your help because these are some really long lists .
I @CAPS8 you all for reading this article , if you are not able to help then see if there is anyone else you know that would be willing too , @CAPS8 You .