Have you ever read or seen a book that you thought was not appropriate ?
Did you want to ban the book from the library you got it from ?
Well many people have experienced this and many of them have wanted to have more sensorship in libraries but we can not always do this .
Maybe that book that you just put down , deeming it inappropriate for all to read it , is someone else's favorite book .
You @MONTH1 never know but maybe someone might think your favorite book is not appropriate .
There are many different people in the world and they all have different opinions .
So instead of banning them how about libraries and schools just sensor them .
Censoring seems like a no brainer but a lot of people do not think about it .
We can not just close our eyes to all the inappropriate books out there but we can at least censor them .
Censoring them could be as simple as just putting a tag on them or making a different section for just those kinds of books .
The tags should be clearly marked so that people can see it and know what to expect from the book .
People do not have to get rid of some books completely but they need to recognize that young children could pick it up and start reading it without knowing that it is not very appropriate for them .
Parents do have the right to check and monitor what their child is reading .
Although if you just get rid of the book completely , people are also getting rid of other people's freedom of speech .
No one has the right to determine what books are not appropriate and what books are , so no one should have the right to just have certain books just removed from the shelves .
Instead of banning the books or complaining about it them , people could try a rating system for books .
When you buy movies a lot of times people check the rating on the movie to see if it would be appropriate for their child or even for themselves .
This is what we could do with books too and maybe there will not be as many problems with books .
It sounds simple enough but people need to take action and start to do something about it .
You @MONTH1 not be able to make everyone happy but at least people can be more informed about the books they are reading .
If everyone can help out in the effort to make our libraries and school more censored than all the libraries would be a lot happier places full of adventure