Offensive materials @CAPS4 be anything but I 'm talking about libraries and whats inside .
Books , music , movies , and magazines @CAPS4 be offensive to someone but not everyone .
Removing these materials from library shelves because a few people veiw them as offensive material is not a good idea because if they find it offensive then somewhere someone is enjoying it .
Not everyone will find a book , song , movie , or a magazine to be offensive and for that reason no books , cds , movies , or magazines should be withheld from the public in any library .
My friends liked reading @PERSON1 books but i did not like them , but i did not make them stop reading because of it , just like 'To @CAPS1 A @CAPS2 @CAPS3 , ' @CAPS4 be offensive but if you find it offensive don't read it , plain and simple .
There wil always be one person who doesn't want their kid to watch a certain movie , or read a @PERSON1 book , but that is not a good reason to remove any materials from the libray shelves , let people read what they want to read , watch what they want , and listen to what they want , there is no good reason to remove a book form the libray shelves .
We all have a right to read , watch , and listen to anything we please .
Having somebody you have never seen get a book , movie , or a magazine removed from the library because they find it a little offensive , is like having someone kick you because you don't have a lot of money .
Many books from all over the world @CAPS4 be considered offensive to at least one person and that one maybe two people do not have any right to tell anyone what they can not read .
Censorship in libraries is a horrible idea because not everyone will read that book or listen to that cd .
Having a chance is all we need to read a book or listen to a song that might change our lives , for better or worse it should be our choice to read what we want .
Any material @CAPS4 be considered 'offensive ' but most of it is not offensive just what people don't want their kids to read .
Offensive or non-offensive materials can not be declared by a few people but by an entire country .
What one man considers offensive another man considers to be life changing .
Anything can make someone change and in order to have that chance we should have the freedom to read what ever we would like .
If you find a book offensive remeber this you had a chance to read it , now give that chance to someone else .