Dear reader , Do you believe that certain book , magazines , movie , and music should be removed from the shelves of libaries if they are found offensive ?
A lot of people in the world today are having this same question .
Some parents think they should be removed , but others argue they should stay .
I 'm going to tell you what i think .
As a citzen , I know some parents are arguing that certain magazines and books should be removed from the libary if they are found offensive .
Well if they do that then there wouldn't be anything on the shelves in the libary would be shut down .
I mean i see where some of the parents are coming from some of these things are offensive and not apporaite for children , but if you dont want your children to see it them keep them away from that section of the libary or don't bring them , you go get the book or magazine they want and then bring it back home for them .
In the world today everything is offensive to someone in the world i mean everyone has there own thoughts on what they think is offensive and what they don't think is offensive .
So eventually if you were to take everything offensive out of the libary it would be emptied out .
I want you all to read this quote and really think about what the author is saying ' All of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf .
But if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf -that work i abhor- then you have the exact same right and so does everyone else .
And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
( @PERSON1 ) .
I don't know about you , but this really sums it all up for me .
The truth is you cant always do what you want , you just have to live with the way it is and try to make it better for yourself and your family .
If you read this article and really listen and take into considertion what im saying i think you 'll find that it would be a lot easier for you to just act like the offensive books and magzines aren't there because if you try to get them taken out you wont even be able to go to the libary anymore .
sincerly the one and only , @PERSON2