What @CAPS1 You Do ?
A very big battle for a lot of people is if libraries should allow offensive matterial to be on their shelves .
Some people don't care , but some people think it's a very big issue .
For the people who care , their view on the issue is that the offensive matterial should be taken off of the library shelf .
I personally believe that it should be ok for 'offensive ' matterial to be on the shelves of the libraties across the @ORGANIZATION1 .
What is conciterd offensive ?
Each and every person has their own view on what they think is offensive .
An example is a young child @MONTH1 think that the word 'stupid ' is a curse word while some older people think that it is not a curse word .
If we did take off all the offensive matterial from the libraries , there @CAPS1 be nothing left .
You @MONTH1 think that the @ORGANIZATION2 is a very good book , but if you talk to someone who believes the @ORGANIZATION2 is false , they @MONTH1 think that by having the @ORGANIZATION2 of the shelf is offensive to their own beliefs .
Because so many people have a difforent view on what is offensive , no one @CAPS1 ever be able to actually have a non-offensive library .
A group of people @CAPS1 not be able to agree on what is or what isn't offensive .
There are a lot of websites and organizations that say what they personally think is offensive and what is not .
People can go to those websites and organizations to know what they personally should check out from the library .
It should not be the libraries own job to say what you can and can not check out .
Each person is responsible for their own actions .
If a person wants to check out a book or movie that some people think is offensive , so be it .
It is a free world .
Some people @MONTH1 not aprove of their choice , but again , they have the right to read that book or listen to that music .
In conclusion I state : no one should be able to say what you can and can not have on the shelves of the library .
If someone personally thinks that a movie or book is offensive , then they should not watch that movie or read that book .
Really the question should not be , 'Should we remove books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
from the library that are offensive ?
'
, the question should be , 'Should I be reading this book , watching this movie , or listening to this music ? '
.
It is everyone's own choice to read a book or listen to a @LOCATION1 .
We are not accountable for what other people do .
It is not the libraries own resonsiblility to be a mother to all of it's cusomers .
Let the libraries be !