Dear Newspaper @CAPS1 @CAPS2 my name is @PERSON1 and I am a student that attends @ORGANIZATION1 .
I go to libraries quit often , and things that I see in there I feel souldnt be in there .
Like the movies .
Theyre okay , but theyre all sitting together .
So that means me bein a young lady .
I see things that I know my mother wouldnt approve of me even looking at .
They have censored movies just sitting there .
I even go through the shelfves sometimes and see the type of books that my mother wouldnt even look at .
They have censored books in the libraries just sitting there like its a book about @CAPS3 or something .
I have conversations with some of the workers sometimes , and they dont see anything wrong with little kids or teenagers looking at censored things .
Not all of them think that way though .
I dont think or feel that it should be censored books in the library and children aare able to look at them .
Thats not right at all .
Far as the music i agree with music at libraries , because many people listen to different type of music .
As long as the music is something positive , but there are all kinds .
You just have to be careful what music you listen to at a library because there are young people everywhere .
There are children around the age of @NUM1 in there , and younger too .
They wouldnt know how to respond to a song thats talking about killing people or shooting them somewhere .
Then you never know what there parents wanted them to know at a young age like that .
I dont feel that real nasty and bad music should be played at @CAPS4 Libraries .
I dont believe censored magazines should be in there either .
I really believe that magazines are one the main censored things in the library .
There are many of them books also .
They shouldnt be there at all just for the sake of the children and parents.They dont need to grow up fast they need to enjoy there life while they are young .
And by looking at the censored things thats not helping at all .
Inconclusion , I really think something needs to be done about all of these censored things .
Many people complain to the @CAPS1 when they come in the @CAPS4 Libraries .
What im just askin you for is that you please help our @CAPS4 Libraries get those nasty things out of there .
They can even make there own side of the Libraries with just censored things for adults only .
I know that this is the right thing and i kno many people agree with me .
People only want the best for their children and a library with alot of censored things in there doesnt sound like the best .
That just mean they are startin off wrong .
Sincerly : A student who believes in changes