Everyone has a preference in works of literature , such as books , magazines , movies or music .
Different types of these works of literature are significant to each person .
If everyone had the right to completely remove one piece of work that displeases them , then no works would remain .
Therefore , I believe no materials such as books , music , movies and magazines should be removed from public libraries or other public places .
Everyone has unique ideas , necesities and preferences .
A few years ago , I had a classmate who had different ideas from a myriad of people on religious persecution .
He hated the idea of mixing people of different religions into one place .
He wrote a paper containing all of his ideas on how the world should function in terms of religion .
He tried to publish it , but did not succeed because his work was considered offensive .
Even though I disagree with his ideas , I do not think his work should have been rejected .
There could have been people in the world who did agree with his thoughts and would have been interested to read them .
There could even have been ideas in his paper that could 've helped countries solve various problems .
I believe it is unfair that his paper was rejected .
People have different necesities based on what they have to accomplish .
For example , I was reading a book last @DATE1 about a girl who was doing a project on racism .
She went to the library to search for a book about apartheid in @LOCATION1 but couldn't find anything .
She asked a librarian if there were any , but the librarian told her that books such as those were considered offensive in that local library and she would have to search elsewhere .
I believe that it is unjust because the girl @MONTH1 not have had anywhere else to go to get the information about her project .
She should 've had the right to access the information that she needed for the project to prevent her from failing .
Another reason that no books should be removed is simply because everyone has unique preferences .
In the world , there are books that certain people would enjoy more than others .
Literature should be abled to be used for the purpose of entertainment and convenience .
If I were to go to a library now , I would find many selections that correspond to my ideal novel or magazine .
Every person should have that right .
If people start removing materials that are offensive to them , then nothing on the shelves would remain and not one person would have the right to have access to the materials they desire .
In this world , diversity exists everywhere .
People have and always will want , need and desire different things .
Works of literature are just one of them .
If people begin to eliminate offensive materials based on everyone's frustration or displeasures , then no books will remain on the public shelves .
Therefore , materials such as books , music , movies and magazines should never be removed from public places .
These things are necessities to the world .