'Do you believe that certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive ? '
@CAPS1 these items should be taken off the shelves if found offensive .
First off , they should be removed because some people @MONTH1 be offended by them .
Some @MONTH1 talk about race , religion or gender .
Nobody wants to be criticized in a book or such .
For example : rap music , all that is , is just people taking about what color they are or how big or small they are .
Some people @MONTH1 be offended , and im sure no parent wants their child to be listening to that nonsense .
So take them off the radio .
Second off , if a child gets ahold of a criticizing book or movie or such that item can have a bad affect in the later future .
They could start criticizing people for being different .
Some books talk about religion , some people just can not help their religion , they were born that way so they are familiar with it and do not want to change .
No one should be judged for their religion , so take them off the shelves .
Thirdly , my friend was watching a movie and it was about a female that liked the same sex , and in that movie they were making fun of her .
No one should be judged by which sex they like .
She was very offended .
So take them off the shelves .
Second to last , magazine authors take pictures of celebrities and down size them about three sizes smaller than what they really are and put them on the cover of fashion magazines or such .
Why not just put that celebrity on there as the size they really are ?
Some @MONTH1 take offense to that .
So just take pictures of celebrity and put them on the magazine as their real size or take them off the shelves .
In conclusion , in some of my observations and reading some people get offended quite often for being a different race , gender , or religion .
So I believe that certain materials such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc should be taken off the shelves if they are found offensive