Do you think libraries should have the right to take books and movies off the shelves if they find it offensive ?
In my opinon I do not agree and I think they should not be able to take them off the shelves .
Many people have different thoughts and opinons and I am going to state mine in the next few paragraphs .
To begin with , not everybody likes to read or watch the same types of books or movies.Some like romantic , scary , myserious and there are many more selections.For instincts if one person reads something that they do not agree with , that does not mean the next person to read it is not going to like it either .
Sometimes I enjoy reading books where people get hurt and sometimes killed but @CAPS1 someone else reads it , they might think that it is horrible and very offensive .
Another reason is , @CAPS1 I go to the library I expect to get the book that I want to read not what others like .
One time I went to the library and I was looking for a romantic book to read and I could not find it .
So I went up and asked the lady at the counter and she said they do not have it anymore , and I asked why and she told me a lady found it wrong for children to be reading .
In my opinon , maybe that lady did not even like romantic books.They should not just off of what one person believes .
The next reason is , the library put the movie or book on the shelf in the first place because they thought people would enjoy it .
The writer or producer would not be very happy if he found out that his/her movie or book got taken out of the library because they found it offensive .
Just give the book a chance and see how everybody likes it .
I understand if everybody thought it was really offensive to take it off but not just one person .
To end with , my belief is that if they had the book in their library at one time it should just stay in there till it gets old and falls apart .
The library is open to any and every type of books , not just boring ones.So I believe the books should not get taken off the sheleves they should just stay right were their suppose to be.If they do not like the book or movie then suggest to other peoples family not to read it or have them read it and see their reaction