When you walk into the heavenly sanctuary that is our library , you have opened yourself up to a vast wealth of knowledge that is available to you at the click of a mouse , the push of a button , or the turn of a page .
There are those of a select few , however , who are under the paradigm that not all of this information is for all eyes .
They feel it should be locked away , as if it were some eyesore .
Allow me to address this view with retaliation and distaste on a number of levels in the following document .
I am a musician .
Music is my passion .
My creative gears are forever turning .
Often I look to other artists ' works for inspiration , and the one place to get that music is , you guessed it , the library .
How disappointed am I when I find that the music I want has been removed for being explicit .
It was not the lyrics or foul message I sought , but the beautiful melodies and harmonies therein !
It does not do well to isolate media without first seeing the good that lies in it and the strong feelings it has to convey .
We @MONTH1 discard the world's greatest novel because of racial discrepancies or wizardry .
We @MONTH1 throw away a moving song because of its lyrics .
We @MONTH1 trash a movie after only reading the title , never even giving it a chance .
How fair is this ?
Even now there @MONTH1 be those who refuse to read your newspaper because of their disagreements with one , individual editor .
That is no fair crop in my right mind .
I implore you , as a public , as people of sound mind and stout hearts to reconsider the censorship of those works which have a clear and true message and were forged for the benefit of our humankind .
All things have a story to tell .
A friend of mine once said to me , that there were three ways we could absorb things that we find undesirable .
We can reject , we can ignore , or we can absorb and interpret .
To reject leaves you no smarter .
To ignore leaves you in fear .
However , to absorb , you gain new knowledge , be it of a new culture or new person .
Everything must be taken with a grain of salt .
Let us watch something we find immoral and then take the time to understand why it is immoral , for it is these things that define us .
If you do not see what is or is not right , who is to say what is truly ethical ?
We need material of substance in our libraries , for our exposure and for our fathoming of new knowledge in our modern world