I know that some people find some books offensive mean cruel or racist but most of the time people write @CAPS4 beacuase its what they feel or what people want to read .
Books are a privlige and we should be able to use that privledge .
People need to learn that its ok that books are sometimes are a little harsh .
The @CAPS1 is not the most friendly place ever and books can help convay that with less hurt then experencing @CAPS4 first hand .
I know that all books should be left on the shelfs becuase just because its offensive to someone doesnt mean that you should take @CAPS4 off .
For every book someone will find @CAPS4 offensive because of somthing .
If the cause is if its offensive then all books should be gone .
If someone took the time to go out and write and book and make sure that everything about @CAPS4 is correct then why should we stop them from letting people read @CAPS4 .
They have a right to write @CAPS4 and we have a right to read @CAPS4 and no one should take that right away .
If someone wrote a book on the hollocost people are very offended by that but they dont try to get ride of @CAPS4 .
so why should any book be different because its not a big event like @CAPS1 @CAPS2 @CAPS3 .
Its just seem so upserd that people who go to such lengths to get rid of a book just because they are offended by @CAPS4 .
I think they just need to suck @CAPS4 up and move on .
if they dont like @CAPS4 then dont read @CAPS4 .
Someone who wants to can so do not take that away from the people that want to read @CAPS4 .
I remember a time when someone wanted to read a book in are library and they said , 'oh you cant read that because @CAPS4 was found to offencive . '
@CAPS4 made me uphald that they would deciede how someone els feels about a book .
@CAPS4 makes me so angry that they get to dicied how someone els feels about a book .
they must be magic becuase I did not know that they know how someone els feels about a book or anything for that matter .
we do have books here that are kept behind the librarians desk that if you really wanted to read that book its behind her desk .
and im ok with that beacuse at least they have @CAPS4 for people to read if they really wanted to .
This is what i think should happen if they have books that they think is too offensive to people .
At least try to give an effert to perserve are right as citizens of the @ORGANIZATION1 .
Lets throw an other aspect here about money .
the book that you want so badly gone from a library was most likely payed by you , the tax payer .
So you and a lot of others payed for this book and now you want to wast that money .
That is just insane that you would want to wast that money after @CAPS4 being payed for .
This just make me want to say wow do you really want to be that upset about a book .
Does @CAPS4 make you feel better that you got all worked up over a book and now its gone .
Well good for you mission accomplished .
All you did was get worked up and you wasted money .
People just need to relize the bigger picture not just themselfs but others .
In them taking down a book because you were offended , offends me .
This offends me a large amount because now you ruined somthing that was not nessisary to be taken down .
This is how I feel about this subject .
I am very upset that people would do this and go to such lengths to ban a book away from a library .
If you wrote a book and people did this to you how would you feel .
I know that you would feel like dirt that someone would do this to your hard work .
People need to just calm down and smell the roses and forget about things that do not matter .
Stand back and think for a second and say , 'will this really effect me if i get this book taken off the shelf . '
@CAPS4 also make me mad that the libary bought the book and now its gone so did the money just go to waist becuase the book is just gone .
This is how I feel on the matter of getting ride of books .