Do citizens have the right to remove books , magazines , and other materials from shelves because they personally do not agree with the content ?
Censorship in libraries is a subject with an unclear answer .
Some believe it is in their right to get rid of books , music , and movies with what they believe is 'offensive ' material .
Others think library censorship is wrong , that people should have access to whatever material they please .
Censorship is simply a way of preventing knowledge from those who wish to learn more about worlds outside their own .
In @DATE1's society , there are no limits .
The human imagination can create beautiful works of literary art and music , but it can also create material not suitable for every age group .
Library censorship is a way to keep this 'unsuitable ' material away from young and curious eyes .
However , what @MONTH1 be unacceptable for children to view @MONTH1 be perfectly fine for a mature adult .
Censorship is purely opinion .
If a person is a strict believer that @CAPS1 created the world in seven days , they might find it offensive to see a book or a movie that supports the theory of evolution .
If a parent does not want their child to watch @CAPS2 , they would rather their children not see a @CAPS2 disk in the children's section for their child to see .
If one person harbors a profound grudge against @CAPS4 , it is unfair to others if all @CAPS5 content is removed from a library's shelves .
If a person does not wish to have access to certain 'offensive ' subjects , then they do not have to expose themselves to it .
But it is not in their rights to remove it from the view of others who @MONTH1 wish to educate themselves on the said matters .
Writing is a form of self- expression , a method by which to convey feelings and thoughts and share them with others .
It is also a way to teach and to inform others about the past .
But if what is written is not shared , how can one form their own opinions and thoughts when they are not exposed to the opinions of those outside their community ?
It is unfair to prevent someone from learning about a certain subject simply because one or two other people oppose the content .
If books and movies containing information unacceptable to one person were removed , then everyone else has the right to have material of their choice removed as well .
Eventually , there would be nothing left because everyone is offended by one thing or another .
That is one of the beauties of being an @CAPS6 citizen : freedom of speech .
By living in @LOCATION1 , one has the right to read or learn about whatever they please .
Censorship prevents learning from those who want it .
Parents are possibly some of the biggest advocates of library censorship .
Not wanting their children to be exposed to explicit or graphic material is understandable .
But just because they do not want their child to see a movie about devil worship or the @CAPS7 era does not mean the parent has the right to prevent all others from seeing it .
Children need to be exposed to these kinds of things at some point to encourage open- mindedness and acceptance of others .
Libraries provide a source by which young people can educate themselves on the religions , beliefs , and customs of the outside world .
It should not be up to the parents to decide what is put on the library shelves ; if they do not want their children to have access to certain subjects , do not allow them to go to the library .
In conclusion , one can say library censorship is a matter of opinion .
Citizens have a right to read , listen to , or watch whatever material they please .
Granted , it is acceptable for parents to shield their children from certain subjects , but it is unaccepable for those same parents to prevent others in the community from learning .
Freedom to express one's opinions in the form of literature means nothing if that literature can not be shared with others .
As Katherine Paterson once said , ' ... And then we have no bookes left of the shelf for any of us .