Libraries @CAPS1 Or @CAPS2 ?
This world is like no other world but to have some of our ideas blocked because there to offensive thats obsurd .
There is a lot of things that are offensive in a library such as books , music , movies , magazines , ect ...
But if they are so offensive to some people then why keep complaining do somthing about tell it someone .
Now librarys are a place where people can relax and grab a @CAPS1 book to read it .
When they stumble upon this book that is highly offensve why put it back .
Say somehthing and tell the manager this book is too offensive to be in a library .
There are kids in the library maybe looking for something to read they @MONTH1 stumble upon a movie that is very inpropriate .
Things like that should not be in a public library .
As a @CAPS3.S citizen i belive that things like that should be removed for the shevles .
Why would they be up there in the first place what is this world coming to .
Some of these books now and days need to be censored .
Beacuse of all the @CAPS2 words in there kids might pick up all that foul language .
How about some of this music don't you think some of the lyrics maybe be offensive to some people .
When rock stars , rapers , ect ... write there lyrics they don't think of what other people think of them .
They just might put the most badest languege in there songs they don't care they just want the money.Thats why you should put you 're foot down and say this is going a little to far why not censor some of your lyrics ?
Why not write a letter sstating your concerns .
Things in the librarys like books , movies , magazines , ect .. all should be checked and blacked out .
Some of this shoudn't even be displayed in the librarys .
There are children in the library now why would you go as far to put things like that in a public library .
Lets take a magazine for example , a magazine has things that talk a lot about sex , drugs , and other things related to that .
Some people might like it but for a twelve year old boy to pick up somthing like that and start reading it .
To me thats wrong i dont know about anyone else but that shouldn't be displayed in a library .
Now ive been to a library before they have some inapropriate things in there .
But i really didn't think anything of it but when i seen a eleven year old boy reading about drugs , sex , and violence that's something he might pick up on .
He is seeing it in a book so why not try something in a book .
Now and days this world has some shocking things in it but to put things like this in a library is horrible .
This is all where censership comes into play by editing a lot of the things in the library .
People now and days dont care but they shoud start caring more .
Thats just my opinion why i think its wrong to put all this @CAPS2 stuff in a public liberary .
I think this is something kids don't need to see what do you think