I believe that if that book , music , or magazines that is offensive and people don't like it then maybe they should remove themself from the librarie .
tThere are alot of things out there that people like to read and listen too .
mmaybe for those people who do not like it they can go to an other librarie .
There are alot of them around us .
If a person did not like what they seen at that librarie then why go back ?
It could be offensive to some people but not all .
So if people try to fight about removing them then the people that like them are going to be mad because they like to read it and they have a good time .
Like i said before if they do not like it they then there are plenty more librarie's that probably will not have it there .
Libraries should be able to put what they want on their shelfs .
They could put in it in the back and whoever wants it and go ask for it .
Or they could go put something up and make it where you know whats over there and if you do not like then do go in .
There is more then just one shelf in a librarie , i you don't like it then don't go over there .
If there is a sign up then there will be one reason for you to go over there and get all offended and complan about it .
You got to think about other people in this too .
Peolpe that do like it and go to the libraries to read books , listen ti music , rent a move , read magazines , they be able to do it anymore .
Then they will be mad and then that just an other fight .
Would anyone what that much drama , I wouldn't .
That would be to much for me and hanle .
People are now these days .
No one will know what i person would do if they don't get there book , music , movies , or magazines .
How would you feel if you lost that ?
Probably not to happy .
I believe that that books , music , movies , and magazines should stay on the shelfs of the librarie .
Just becuse a few people don't like it and want to fight for it , should really sitt back and look at what they are doing .
There are more then just one librarie in this world .
If you don't like the stuff that librarie is putting on it's shelfs then go find a new one .
It's not worth fighting over and spenting all that money on that not alot of people have these days just to fight about what is on a librarie shelf .
Not even worth it .
Like i said before you don't like it .
don't look at it , read it .
listen to it , nothing .
Just stay away from it and you will not get offended .