Do you believe that certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc.
, should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive ?
No , I don't think so , these items should stay on the shelves for the appropriate ages .
If you are over the age of eighteen you should be able to pick and chose to what ever topic they want .
If you are under the age of eighteen there should be an age requirement and also require parent consent .
For those under eighteen when they get a library membership they should have to verify thier date of birth , and what thier parent srequest their child to be able to read , play , or watch .
Librarys and book stores should put a rating on the magazines or books , just like movies .
This will promote less parents of anger for thier children listening to music or reading inappropriate books , magazines , or video games .
Now if books stores sell these books to underage children without parent consent , there can be charges pressed .
It would be pretty much the same thing as selling liquor , or cigarettes to a minor .
From my observations with my little brother , my mother chose to let him play inappropriate video games .
For instance these games consisted of violence , sex , drugs , and foul language .
In result of this I notice that my brother does not obey , or treat my mother with the respect as he should .
He also misbehaves in school constantly .
That is just one example of the many I know of .
Even if the parent gives permission for thier child to watch offensive movies , play inappropriate video games , or read certain books that are not suitable for his/her age , they should still have to be a certain age .
Some parents make poor decisions on thier parenting , and it will reflect them later in life .
So my overall opinion would be no .
Keep the books on the shelf for the people that are mature enough to watch , read , or play .
If they limit the selling of these items to minors , these children @DATE1 will not have as many crimes all together .
There would be less violence , and drug offenses or abuse .
Keep this all in mind .