Certain books , magazines , music and movies should not be put on the shelves of a library .
Children can learn rude or nasty things that their parents might not find alright for their child .
There are some things that can be offensive in a library like prejudice books or music .
Often music uses swearing language or states certain views on politics .
Libraries need to take control of this issue the right way .
Getting rid of the material is not what should be done .
Libraries need to keep better watch over certain sections of the library .
They could do this by not letting children leave their parents side .
That way parents can know and control what their children are seeing .
Then there is the issue of offending people .
These problems could be resolved simply by putting up signs in different spots of the library .
These sign could be in big bold letters stating 'Certain things in this section can be offending ' , ' @CAPS1 control needed past this point ' .
Libraries should be more aware of how people feel about the way they are set up and presented to the public .
Libraries should put them selves in the publics shoes , to see how they would like it if some of these things were showed to their children .
Also , looking at things in a point of view of how some things could be offending , to fix the problems .
Once when I was in a library I was offended by a book title that was against my religion .
After seeing that I thought if their were a sign or something around to warn me I would not of had to see that .
Other things like this have occured in a library like one time my brother rented a movie my parents did not approve of .
But with the way the libraries are set up and controled my brother was able to rent the movie and sneak it past my parents .
Other children like my brother could do the same things only worse like look at an inappropiate magazine or read certain books that parents would not approve .
These types of occurances need to stop before something really bad happens .
Libraries need to take control and show they know how to present things to the public in a proper manner .
Actions that are happening in todays libraries are not alright .
Putting up signs and requiring @CAPS1 control can reduce if not elliminate these unapproved occurances