What if some one found your favorite book offensive ?
Inapporate materials do need to be kept from young minds of children.On the other hand , you can not sheild people from things they should know or already know .
Everyone has different things that they think are offensive , so one person might think a book is so bad it should be recalled from the shelves but an another person @MONTH1 see no problem with it .
Children need to be protected from materials that @MONTH1 hurt them in some way .
Children do what they see and hear , so they are liable to try and cop harmful things they read .
Bad influences can be even magazines with famous celeberties being caught breaking the law or doing bad things and young minds see that as 'cool ' and @MONTH1 try to follow tha example .
Children and young people see and hear a lot worse things at home , television and even at school than in some books .
Children need to be protect but , you can't baby proof life .
They willl be introduced to plenty of bad influnces in there life time but , it should be the parent's job to teach their kids to say no and stay away from bad things .
Kids can learn so much worse things from something at the library by just setting at home .
Libraries are places for use public and the public covers a wide amount of different kinds of people and someone will always find something bothersome with somting or another .
People have different views , believes and religions , and , books on these might be offensive to some but , the life style of another .
Like The quote by Katherine Paterson , said if we take off the shelves every book or material that somone finds offensive there will be no books in the libraries at all .
Yes , there are books that are not always very presentable to a certain group of people but , they should have a right to be read if their is someone who wants to read them .
It is not the librarys job to be prejudice against certain books for because someone does't agree with it .
Books should be a wide varitey like the people who are reading them .
Also children are protect from books if they have learned morals that allow them to make mature choices