Debates are a main part of our society today .
Everyone has an opinion on how things should be in the world , and no one is necessarily right .
Books that show how other cultures behave , that to the people being described in the book @MONTH1 seem offensive , are important because we as people need to absorb as much as we can about other cultures .
Our businesses are in other countries , many people living in @LOCATION1 speak multiple languages , and people have the right to read things that @MONTH1 in fact be offensive to a race of people .
Businesses thrive in other countries .
A lot of our countries income is from our factories and companies in other countries .
@LOCATION2 is a place where much business happens for the @ORGANIZATION2 .
If we , as @CAPS1 , can't learn about the @CAPS2 , how can we learn their business methods and way of life ?
To the @CAPS2 , these books @MONTH1 be offensive , but to us they are learning tools descirbing @CAPS2 culture .
Being bilingual is a trend that millions of people adhere to .
High schools require that we learn some foreign language , even if it is only the basics .
The schools do this so that we can go to other countries in the work force .
Learning about their language and habits comes from books .
The mexican population might not like the way we depict them in our stories , but this is necessary to learn about them .
In the @ORGANIZATION1 , there are all kinds of freedoms that we as @CAPS1 use freely .
Freedom of speech says that we can say whatever we want when we live in @LOCATION1 .
Books are not excluded from this rule .
I 'm sure that other countries have offensive books about us .
It's a common theme around the globe .
Businesses thrive in foreign countries , so we must be able to read some books about them , even if they seem offensive .
Learning new things is something that every school teaches and there should be no limit to what we can learn .
If a book has vulgar language and sexual scenes , it should be taken out of the children's section of the library , not banned completely .
This is the same case with other populations of people .
They can not take offense to what we have to say , because worse has been said about them than what we can possibly put in a book .
Learning is a necessary tool in our society and nothing should be restricted .