Books are very important to our society .
They hold a special place in our hearts , and contain much of our world's knowledge .
Everyone has their own opinion about what should or should not be placed in books .
I definetly agree that little children should not purchase a book that has explicit content in it that they should not read .
However , some people , myself included , have checked out or bought books and then realized what exactly was portrayed in those books .
I do not believe that anything that contains certain contents should be removed from the shelves .
I can think of many books that could be taken offensively that are still on many school library and public library shelves .
Any books about the @CAPS1 and even the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 , such as ' @CAPS4 @CAPS5's @CAPS6 ' can be taken in the wrong context .
These books do contain language that is not appropriate for children .
But we do still see them on our shelves .
Why ?
Because those books , and many others , are very important to us .
Books should stay on their shelves because , as Katherine Paterson cleverly put it , ' ... And then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us . '
@CAPS7 means that if everyone took out books that they felt were personally offensive then there would be no books .
Books are vital to learning things .
We put all of our knowledge into them , even hundreds , if not thousands , of years ago .
When the libraries in @LOCATION2 were burned and/or destroyed , we thought our knowledge was gone forever .
Thank goodness for the back-up system that no one had known about out in the @LOCATION1 .
I myself have read the @ORGANIZATION1 .
I believe it whole-heartedly , but I do know of people who do not believe in the @CAPS8 and have taken some things that are said in the @ORGANIZATION1 to be taken personally .
I believe that the @ORGANIZATION1 is the most important book in the world .
Without the @ORGANIZATION1 no one would know of the wonderful things that our @CAPS8 above has done for us , and what he is doing for us now .
However , some people can take what the @ORGANIZATION1 says to be offensive in regards to homosexuals and divorces .
But would we allow the gays or divorced men and women to take the @ORGANIZATION1 off of the shelves ?
Of course not !
If we would not allow them to take off that ever so important book , then why should we allow to have other books to be removed ?
Books are so very important to us and our world .
They hold our world's knowledge , and they also hold our hearts .
Just think about what our world , our knowledge , our society would be like if we did not have these precious things .
Can you imagine it ?
I can not .
Books are one of the most important things that we have in @CAPS7 world .
Just because someone finds something offensive in a written work does not mean that everyone else will , too .
Books , if they are offensive to anyone , should be kept on our shelves for our future generations to come so they @MONTH1 learn and grow on our knowledge of our past