In todays world , children are exposed to a lot of inappropriate things than in recent times .
They hear things from older siblings , see uncensored programs on television , hear words in music , and even learn things from books .
An issue at hand is whether or not libraries should or should not dispose of inappropriate books , movies , music , and magazines .
Children can read whatever they like if their parents give permission , but in today's society some parents do not take the time to care , consumed in their work .
One way society can take care of this problem is setting age limits on books .
There have been times when my mother will not allow me to read a book because it dealt with issues that I was not ready to learn about .
Although I am lucky that my mother cares about what I read , some parents are not .
This is why an age limit would be helpful in keeping our youth modest .
The librarians , or a national book association , could decide if the content of a book is appropriate for a certain age .
This would take care of children reading about bawdy issues that they should not know about .
Also , @CAPS1 books should be more readily available .
These types of books teach good morals and how to live a good and full life .
In schools across the country , many @CAPS1 authors are not in the public school libraries .
By putting these types of books into the libraries , students would be more aware of them and would most likely have an interest in them , learning from them .
Another issue libraries have is music and movies .
It is nice to be able to go to the library and check out a cd or even a movie .
But , some of these have terrible language and scenes not appropriate for children .
What can the general public do about this ?
Well , demand that all music and videos with content not generalized for children be removed from the libraries .
This would keep children from seeing and hearing actions they should not copy .
There are ratings on movies for a reason , so why not use them .
Anything above @NUM1 should be a definent no in libraries .
If the movie has content that any child under thirteen should not see , then the movie should be out .
Magazines also offer a source of learning .
Some are very educational , and give the students ideas to go and come up with a new invention or a way to help others .
But , some have content that are not suited for children .
Thus , like the books , the magazines should also have ratings .
The magazine @CAPS3 , for example , has articles that are to bawdy for students to read .
Magazines like this should be put in an adult section where students can not look at them .
Magazines also offer pictures that , in recent times , would have been illegal to put out .
But , in today's standards , they are fine to put in magazines .
These magazines should not even be allowed in the libraries across our nation .
America's standards on what is okay to read , look at , watch , and listen to have changed drastically .
Children are learning things they should not know about , until an older age , at a very young age .
Society need to put strict restrictions on what is right and what is not for children .
I personally believe that there should be very strict restrictions on what children are allowed to watch , read , and listen to .
My parents were very strict about this and , in the end , I feel this has benefitted my learning process .
Also , I feel the libraries should rid of books that , in olden times , would have been a shame to read .
Parents today are not as in sync with what their children do as they were in recent years .
So , society needs to put a strict rule on what libraries carry and what they do not .