Books , movies , magazines , music , etc.
, make up a huge part of our entertainment system in our lives today .
Whether it be informational or just purely for entertainment , many forms of entertainment are found in your local library today , whereas in the past most libraries only contained books .
Although , our entertainment today is much different then it was back then and will be much different than it will be in the future .
In today's society books , magazines , music , movies , and so on can be found in your local library , and contain many different types of material .
Some material could be informational about our solar system or about the human body .
Other material could be a fiction story filled with action , horror , or love .
Some material could also be filled with true , life changing , and inspritaional storries .
Which ever it @MONTH1 be , these types of things @MONTH1 come off as offensive to some people more than others and @MONTH1 not be apporpriate for younger ages .
Certain books , movies , magaizines , music , ect.
, containing offensive , inappropriate , or rude material shouldn't be banned from libraries , just because those younger than adults should not read them , or becuase those who dislike the material believe that that material does not belong in the library .
Generally most libraries are quite large and organized into various sections throughout the building .
One area might be for fiction books and another for non-fiction books , another area could be for childrens books , and another for magazines , movies , music , ect.
, all based on different types and genres .
Simply do this for those materials that should only be read by adults and not for children or teens .
Take the books that @MONTH1 contain offensive material , or @MONTH1 be inappropriate for those younger than adults and place them in their own divided section in the library .
When a book from that section is being checked out merely ask for an @CAPS1 from the person checking that book out to make sure that they are of age .
This can also apply to movies , magazines , music , and so on that are placed in that section .
Some materials found in libraries that @MONTH1 be offensive to one person @MONTH1 not be offensive to others .
Taking those offensive materials out of the library won't benefit everyone and @MONTH1 disappoint some of the people who don't find that material offensive .
Placing these certain materials in their own section is the best way to go to benefit everyone .
As you can see just because one person @MONTH1 find certain material in magazines , books , music , movies , ect.
, offensive , rude , or inappropriate , doesn't mean that everyone else does .
It also doesn't mean you should completely take out and get rid of all the materials that are found to contain offensive or innapropraite material .
Dividing those specific materials into their own section , and regulating who @MONTH1 check them out is really the best way to go .
It benefits everyone at best so that those who want to read that material can still go to their library and check out that book , magazine , and so on , and those who wish to not have anything to do with that certain material don't have to worry about finding material that is offensive or inappropriate , because they will be in their own divided section