I believe that certain materials should not be removed from the shelves due to censorship.Different sections in the libary should be offerd.Everyone has differnt oppions on what they like to read or watch.You should do what you want at your own risk.I think the censorship should not affect the libary .
The libary should offer differnt sections , therefore a kids side , a teenage side , and an adult side .
The kids side should offer books that only kids should see by age group.The kids should not have to worry about censorship becuase they should not be offered any thing that an libarian would not want them to see and they should only be able to checkout things from their side of the libary .
A teen side should not have censorship because alot of kids know many things that they should not so it would not effect them as much.Books that teengers read are most likely to have foul language and inapropiate things .
Teenagers when they read or see things does not really influenece them as much .
Music that teenagers listen to they already know what most of the songs are talking about so why offer only censored music at libraries ?
Why would you want to try to remove something when it is already known ?
An adult side should not have censorship , adults should be able to read , watch , and look at mostly anything.Adults are the ones who see it and heard it all .
It would be pointless to get rid of things on the sheleves ..
They already know of allot of things .
Why get rid of books that others @MONTH1 read .
It is a libary so it should just offer things that would increase intellegence not decrease it .
The censorship is pointless , you should do what you want at your own risk.Things in movies , books , magazines are that are of the world .
Why try to block out negative things when there all around you .
If someone finds something affensive then let it be there are many things affensive in today's society.You pick up what you want to read and make the choice on your own .
If your capable of reading it or if it is the right decision check it out.You enter the libary at your own risk and choose what criteria or selection your going to choose .
The libary is full of differnt oppions and allot of differnt likes and dislikes.If you should not be looking at something then it is your oppion to take what you want out of it .
Everyone enjoys differnt things like , movies , books , magazines , and music .
If the libary had a censorship they would loose allot of matrials all due to oppions of people that did not care about others oppions.Everyone enjoys differnt things and wants a wide varitey of the things they like .
The libary is where you go when you need books , movies , and etc .
Why close someones oppion of book selections , what if that is the only type of selection , or book they like to read .
I believe that the censorship should not affect the libary.The libary should offer differnt sections for certain age groups.The books and magazinges and music at the libary should all be at your own risk to checkout them .
Everyone has differnt oppions at the libary .
The censorship would be a bad decison if they did go through with this decison ..
The libary would not offer as many things and most liekly less things would be getting checkedout .
Therefore I do think that the cenosorship should not remove books on the shelves at libraries