I personally think certain materials , such as books , music , movies , magazines , etc .
; should not have to be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive .
First of all how do we define offensive ?
Is it something that discrimnates a certain group of people ?
Is it something that creates negative attention ?
Is it something we don't like ?
Anybody can walk in a library and find something they did not like , but that does not automatically mean it is offensive .
The national geographic magazine often has pictures of naked people and so does the @CAPS1 magazine .
So which one would we have to put censorship on ?
The answer is we don't put one because this would start a big arguement of which is offensive and which is not.It would cause a conflict of two different sides .
It is only offensive when we make it offensive .
We do not have to look at something we don't like.We all have a choice and we can choose not to pick up something we might think is offensive .
The @ORGANIZATION1 @MONTH1 not get along with the @CAPS2 but if both were in a library together with both of their holy books on the shelves , they can not say one's book is offensive to another because it does not agree with theirs .
We sometimes forget we have the ammendment that allows us to the freedom of speech and press .
We @MONTH1 not like what one person publishes but it doesn't make their work offensive because it might be for a certain of group that likes it , which is not offensive to them.Everything in the library has a purpose and if it does not fit our purpose then there is no way it woud be offensive to us .
The library is a place for books , music , movies , magazines , etc .. We come to the library to check out books for a research in order to learn .
We also go to the library to read the newest book of a series .
Putting a censorship on these things would not enable us to do these .
We can't finish our research project because someone thought one book was offensive or we can't listen to new album @CAPS3.Dre released because some people think the lyrics are too offensive .
Putting a censorship would upset the general public more than not having a censorship because if everyone can check out what they want from the library then everyone is content