I do believe that book , magazines , music , movies and etc.
, should be taken off a shelf if a person wants to read the book or magazine .
If another person wants to read the book or magazine they would just have to wait until the book or magazine is returned to the shelf .
If another person wants to listen to music or watch a movie they should also do the same .
Sometimes you just have to sit and think what is books , magazines , movies , music and etc.
, for and why are they on the shelves for if you can't read , listen or watch them .
Book and magazine should be read and not just sit and be displayed .
Music should be listen to and movies should be watched .
The reason why I agree with the fact magazines and book should be taking off the shelf is because they were made to enterain you .
A book or magazine is also made to catch the reader attention .
Another reason why I think books or magazines should be removed from a shelf is to learn new thing .
An example of learning new things is when you go to school you pick up the classrooom book you learn different thing like math , you learn about the history , or you learn about different thing in english class .
Magazines and books were made so that different people can take it off a shelf and look though it even if they only want to look a pictures if it has picture .
The reason why I think music should be taking off the shelf is to listen to different music such as rap , @CAPS1 & @CAPS2 , gospel , or @CAPS1 & @CAPS2 and soul .
Also , I think music should be removed from the shelf is because it was meant to heard .
Some music can teach you what goes on in a person life or what goes on in their heads.Music can inspire people in different ways.Music is apart of life and most people in the world like to listen it different people that inspir them .
The reason why I think movies should be taking off the shelf is because it is meant to be watched not just sit and let in movie cover entertain the people .
Movies can also inspire different people to do different thing , such as become an actor also .
Movies tell different stories such as life stories .
Movies also give people something to do when they are bored .
To conclude this all up , take movies , magazines , books and music off the but put them back so that other people can enjoy they thing you read , watched , or listened to .
Watching movies and listening to music nad reading magazines and books can help people in life and @MONTH1 also inspire people .
They were made for very good reasons so don't put them up just to be displayed .
Take them and use them for good you want regret it in the long run .
Ya 'll be suprised what different things you can learn by reading , listening and watching .