Different Then Everyone Else @CAPS1 do people find small things offensive ?
My opinion is the everyone as their own idea of what can be offensive to them.There are so many small things the can be offensive like books , movies , and music.Its not horrible or bad to have a book on the shelf the you might think its offensive .
I find it a little rude to discriminate someone for thier one belonging .
Books can be a way to learned new things about someone .
I think sometimes books can tell you more then what can a person with there own words can.There are so many books the can be a little offensive to people and even kids.I know the a parent wouldn't like to have a book on the shelf about ' @CAPS2 ' , when they are getting @CAPS2.Sure is not a nice thing to read about but , really parents think about it.Don't you think us like kids need to know what really means @CAPS2 ?
A book can tell us the and a good way or and a bad way but we can learned from it , and you dont even have to talk about it .
Movies are similar like books , in one way the you can see it in action what there trying to teach everyone.I know the some movies are horrible just like @CAPS3 @CAPS4.Its a horrible movie to watch but really we need to know what really happened to does people .
And even it a teacher is tell you have to see it with your own eyes to belive it .
A good way it to watch the movie and learned from it .
Music has a lot of ways of being offensive to people but singer's thats their way of express their own feeling about stuff.We can't really discriminate anyone for their own belives .
There are so many singer like @CAPS5 @CAPS6 , the use a lot of bad words in his song but thats how he get's his own feeling out to others .
Even if the song is offensive to you its more of their own opinion just like we all have different opinon then others .
My opinion about feeling offensive is we all are different and have a opinion about it and we need to respect the .
Especially if i wanted to learned new things and someone doesn't want to tell me or show me I would want a book or a movie to learned .
And parents just becuase I 'm reading a book , or watching a movie or listening to music about bad stuff don't assume I 'm going to do those things I would just want to learned about it .
I wouldn't like for someone to take a book off the shelf especially if i want to read it .
Remember its your own opinion about the book not everyone is different then you